kareena kapoor in a bikini hmmmmmmmm .  br    br   akshay kumar . . .  br    br   anil kapoor . . . .  br    br   maybe saif . . . .  br    br   kareena kapoor in a bikini . . . . .  br    br   good banner . .  br    br   kareena kapoor in a bikini . . . . .  br    br   not one good reason not to see this movie . . . .  br    br   or so i thought . . . . . . . . didnt these people make jbj . . .  br    br   why o why did i forget that .  br    br   for all the criticism the first half of the movie isn  t that bad . . .  br    br   there is some intrigue and you feel a sort of irritation mixed with excitement that i felt when seeing guy ritchie movies like lock stock and snatch .  br    br   kareena kapoor is sizzling in a very skinny model sort of way .  br    br   akshay kumar is akshay kumar as only he can be .  br    br   anil kapoor is annoying but kind of funny  you almost forget that most of the time you cannot understand him .  br    br   saif is sidey ala main khiladi . . once again .  br    br   there is the occasional laugh and a few chuckles  and a few goosebumps during the kareena  saif love story  kareena in the rain  behind me on my bike hmmmmmmm  .  br    br   but mostly this half promises more than it delivers . . . . .  br    br   which makes the second half all the more unbearable . . . .  br    br   there was almost a cheer when the interval came not only because because of the wet kareena because of what people thought were the things to come .  br    br   instead we were treated to mind numbing torture which is difficult to put in words .  br    br   saif suddenly seam like a comic sidekick . . .  br    br   suddenly the sexy kareena looks anorexic  you realise that the second last floor is now empty and her face looks to big for her body  only girls can notice this and make other guys notice the second last floor was my observation  .  br    br   anil kapoor and his sidekicks get on your nerves .  br    br   akshay kumar is the only one who carries off the madness to some extent but even he become intolerable after a while .  br    br   all the while you are subjected to one absurdity after the other .  br    br   why     what      when     where     what have i done to deserve this . . .  br    br   a collective gasp went trough the audience before every song in the second half  which were ordinary even without the movie around it .  br    br   cannot relieve the trauma anymore . . . .  br    br   conclusion .  br    br   this movie starts of as a buzz which you feel could even turn out to a high but ends up slowly moving towards a headache and then rapidly turns into a full blown migraine attack .  br    br   please don  t watch this movie for any reason other than academic interest .  br    br   s cast  akshay kumar  first half .  br    br      s what  when  how  who to much confusion .  need a book to fill this  .  br    br   s cast  the whole second half  need many pages to fill this  .  br    br   total      im trying to avoid the  s and  s too not seem to extreme but make no mistake this movie is unwatchable no matter how decent the first half is  .  
