if this is a     product from one of the biggest production houses of indian film industry  yash raj  then i am afraid it is a very long ahead for us to reach the right standards .  br    br   if you can go wrong to this length with such an enormous star cast of anil  akshay  saif and kareena  then movie making is still to be studied much harder by everyone associated with this film . the film lacks in almost all departments except cinematography and akshay kumar . he has a few good dialogues to render but that alone cannot make you enjoy a flick with huge expectations .  br    br   the first scene of a car going down into a river from the mountain has very cheap graphics like that of a cartoon film . that itself was a clear indicator of the director  s vision . every actor who otherwise is an asset to a movie is simply wasted . anil kapoor  s gimmick of attempting good english falls flat most of the times . and saif will surely hit himself thinking why he signed this movie .  br    br   in short it  s the biggest waste of resourses after  jhoom barabar jhoom  . i would say that even  aaja nachle  was a better enjoyable movie than this .  br    br   one cannot understand how and why this kind of script was written and approved . the most unwanted was the flashback sequence of akshay  s love story . after the faulty script the weakest point of the movie is its music . vishal shekhar have given just some filler tunes to each song . the songs start off very well and suddenly the tunes drop drastically . only one song  falak tak chal  is somehow good of all in the lot . an opportunity wasted by vishal shekhar .  br    br   regarding the continuity intelligence of the makers just sample this  akshay and saif are on the road in the hilly area of a foreign location  probably ladakh  . in the next scene they are searching for kareena in haridwar and then back in the hills with kareena in the dicky of their car . i am still thinking who wrote this .  br    br   if you manage to sit till the last then the climax is too long with silly and unnecessary stunts . you can see all the heroes walking through the storm of bullets not hurt as if they are god . are we still seeing a     movie with all these technical heights achieved  so no more words on this pathetic and downgrade movie but a sincere request to senior actors from their fan .  br    br   dear anil kapoor  akshay kumar  if possible please ask for a preview of your movies after their first copy is out . as artists of such stature  you have certain responsibilities towards your fans and viewers . people still clap for you as you enter the screen in your first scenes respectively . i think this kind of movie should not see the daylight as it hampers the reputation of all associated with the movie  the actors and the production house both .  
