summer season is here when the choices in the cinemas are limited to what  s the hottest movie of the week  given   .   of the screens dedicated to screening it . ok  so i may exaggerate on the percentage  but you get my drift . besides stuff from hollywood  bollywood too have their own share of highly anticipated blockbusters  and from some of the trailers shown  i  m hyped to watch them too . tashan was billed as one of the most highly anticipated for      but i was quite surprised at the lower than low turnout at the cinemas . when i watched jodha akbar  it was a full house  but it wasn  t for tashan .  br    br   after watching it  i knew why . it was entertaining  but it was fundamentally weak . just like it  s literal english title  which means  style   tashan is all style  but little substance . not that it doesn  t have the usual star power  but scenes felt forced  and some bordered on a tad ridiculous  even for bollywood standards i must say . which is quite surprising given that tashan is directed and written by vijay krishna acharya  who wrote dhoom and dhoom   both of which i enjoyed tremendously .  br    br   in his rookie directorial outing with tashan  while you can  t fault his direction  you  d probably scratch your head over the plot  which was clunky at best . it tried to force too many things into the story  though credit be given where it allowed you some avenue to question character motivation  but that came a little too late  and only toward the finale  which left you guessing for just a moment before it latched into full blown action mimicking many a thai action movie  with hong kong  s wirework and hollywood  s ludicrous firearms and gunplay with zero recoil . and in a bid to include everything including the kitchen sink  you have an assortment of vehicles appearing  and the one that took the cake  in a dhoom  homage  was the jetski boat in the middle of nowhere .  br    br   at best  tashan can be enjoyed as unintentional comedy  and this is attributed to how the cast hammed up with their characters . saif ali khan plays jimmy cliff  a call center executive who gives english tuition  only as a platform for fishing out new girlfriend material . his playboy ways gets junked aside when he meets with pooja singh  kareena kapoor   who  s not exactly who she seems  the meek and sweet natured hottie . she engages jimmy  s services for her boss  mobster bhaiyyaji  anil kapoor   who probably gets most of the laughs as he speaks broken english and phrases must like how an ah  beng does it . and to complete the quartet  akshay kumar plays bachchan pandey  an illiterate gangster for hire who got engaged by bhaiyyaji to hunt down jimmy and pooja when they escape with money stolen from bahiyyaji  s business .  br    br   so begins a road trip of sorts  with friends who turned enemies  and enemies whom you know will become friends as the road trip wears on . jimmy cliff is probably the most implausible of all  because he goes from zero to hero  executing moves that would shame rambo  in absolutely no time  which is quite out of character . kareena kapoor amps up the sex factor as she uses her charms to guile both men  and has plenty of opportunity to do so given the much touted bikini scenes  and other costumes that boast of plunging necklines or hemlines way above the knee . every character has a backstory created  and i thought akshay kumar  s bachchan pandey was probably the best  the most touching and the most fun of the lot  even though his character seemed a lot like a non  green incredible hulk with his gravity  defying leaps and power packing punches . his wounds also heal automatically  which impressively puts wolverine to shame . and the best part is his theme song  which is damn alpha  male and played in ra  ra mode each time he takes on adversaries .  br    br   but sad to say  that  s the only tune that is memorable  something that cheers  bachchan  pandey  bachchan  pandey  . for most bollywood movies i watch  i will usually be able to  despite the obvious language gaps  emerge from screenings humming a tune or two . i wasn  t able to do that after tashan  because the songs unfortunately just weren  t catchy at all . usually the song  dance routine works well into the storyline without any necessity to bring the characters out of the current scene or location . that i enjoy  versus plucking them out and plonking them into extreme settings high atop a mountain  or atop jagged rocks on the beach front .  br    br   tashan probably didn  t take itself too seriously  but coming from vijay krishna acharya  s story  you probably wanted something a little more decent rather than the ridiculous  and for continuity to be a little more careful as well . billed as a blockbuster  now i can start to understand why the crowds have already shunned this one . despite akshay kumr stealing the show  tashan could have been better on the whole .  
