i would have liked to write about the story  but there wasn  t any . i would have liked to quote a couple of hard hitting dialogs from the movie but  hinglish  is only funny for like  minutes  after that its overkill . i would have liked to swoon over the  keep  u  guessing suspense  but it was as predictable as . . . um mm  a yash raj movie    . i would have liked to talk of the edge  of  the  seat action  but i don  t like cartoons much .  br    br   sigh  br    br   all in all  this movie is perfect for  . people attempting suicide  i promise it  ll push you over the edge  . sado  masochists  this movie is way more effective than the barbed wire that silas guy in the da  vinci code wore .  . people researching alternative ways to spread terrorism  i swear the audience leaving the hall seemed to be in a mood to kill someone  . movie piraters more power to them . if any movies deserves to not have the audience spending money to watch  this is it .  . barnacles  most types of plankton  green algae  because almost all other living things would require an iq factor somewhat greater than what the movie offers . afterthought the director of the movie  obviously  is a species of his own .  and i hope to god that he is the only one of his kind . . one is enough   br    br   things that could have made this a better movie  . a story  . a choreographer  . a screenplay writer  . a stunt coordinator  . a story  did i already say that    . a director  preferably one who is not mentally challenged  although even one who was challenged could have done a better job   . anil kapoorbubonic plague  avoid at all costs  . a statutory warning   watching yash raj movies is injurious to your mental health    br    br   things i liked about the movie  . kareena kapoor  for obvious reasons  . the english sub  titles   mera dil kho gaya  becomes   my heart is in a void    chaliya chaliya chaliya  turns into  im a flirt  im a lover  im a vagabond  . . priceless .  br    br   in short  tashan to me  is like the opposite of a rubrics cube  the cube is supposed to increase the iq of the player  tashan promises to lower your iq  and that . . in a mere  .  hours  woot   br    br   sigh . . but thats just me . i could be wrong you  ve been warned anyways .  
