superman ii  the richard donner cut should be a fan  s dream come true . at long last  footage only seen in photos and scenes that only existed on the printed page would finally come to life . a director that was unable to complete his vision would have the opportunity to have his vision restored . it seems like a winning situation . and then you start watching this assembly of footage and you realize this  esoteric dream  is a very real nightmare of sloppiness and incompetence . while it  s entirely possible that no movie could compete with the finished perfect version each of us has imagined over the years it really should have been a thrill to finally see this project . and it is only a very few times .  br    br   you know things are shaky when the very first bit of text on screen looks like home brew computer graphics . but then we start seeing new footage  alternates from superman  the movie for the trial  and that first bit of hesitation fades away . hey  this is pretty neat  things are alright for these few fleeting moments until we see footage from stm intermixed with new effects for this project  and it doesn  t convince at all . and from this point on  it never ever lets up . it  s probably not right to judge a movie because of bad visual effects  but when this is supposedly the direct follow up to a movie whose tag line was  you  ll believe a man can fly  it  s difficult to believe anything shown on screen here . the best effects in this are from the original productions .  br    br   another issue with this re  cut . a lot of it just doesn  t make sense . the only reason any of it really works is because we  ve all seen the theatrical version of superman ii  a movie that does make sense . lester  s superman ii fills in the holes of this assembly . part of this could be because donner didn  t get to complete shooting  the other part could be because the makers of this project were intent on using as little lester material as possible . what we end up with is an assembly of footage that makes superman iv look airtight and coherent .  br    br   after viewing this  one gets the sense that while lester was faithful and comfortable using donner material  michael thau and his team were extremely disrespectful towards anything filmed by lester . the best scenes in the donner cut are the ones lifted relatively intact from the released version of superman ii . that includes the moon sequence and the diner sequence  not ironically  both were filmed by donner . but anything else from that movie filmed by lester is re  edited in such a hasty fashion  that it now makes lester seem like a ham fisted know nothing . while lester honored the donner material  lester here is thrown under the bus .  br    br   so is there anything good in this release  well marlon brando is in it  and that  s neat to see . in fact watching any of the material shot by donner is neat since it was all filmed at the same time as superman  the movie . but that only highlights the problems of this release . any of the major scenes  really just lois jumping and scenes with marlon brando  would have been better served as completed scenes in a deleted scenes section . instead they are shoe horned into a nonsensical narrative with inferior performances  many alternate takes from familiar scenes are used  sloppy edits and bad decisions .  br    br   watch the opening scene at the daily planet . why are we looking at jackie cooper  s back as he calls for lois and clark  at the end why do we have lois walking into her dark apartment only to have that followed by jackie cooper walking into a dark bathroom turning the lights on  i was initially confused by this  because i expected to see lois . the entire assembly is filled with questionable choices like this .  br    br   battle scenes are a mess too  with no geography between cuts . it  s just random action . of course  the major action scenes were shot by lester and his material is only used as a bridge to the next set of donner outtakes or alternates . they should have used more of lester  s footage  but probably had too much pride to admit that .  br    br   the sloppiness extends to the military missile as well . as noted elsewhere  the missile shown in the donner cut bears the designation  xk    while we all know it  s the  xk      a blind man in stm knows that  the producers of this assembly  who tried so hard to honor the original film  dropped the ball less than five minutes in and that mistake is indicative of the quality of the entire production . for all the supposed care that was put into this  the final product has an air of shoddiness to it that is inescapable .  br    br   the entire affair would probably be easier to digest if warner  s didn  t make this a separate release here in the states . as it is  we  re expected to pay for what is essentially a bonus disc of deleted scenes with a  play all  option . it  s really only worth one viewing so that we can finally see the legendary cut scenes  but after that initial viewing  i expect that this will be an excellent magnet for dust and little else . i know after my experience of watching this  i had new respect for lester  s version . it  s by no means perfect  but lester realized the deficiencies that were in the script that stand out here in bold relief . he managed to make a movie that has entertained for many years and will continue to do so  while this new re  cut will most likely only be remembered as a footnote in that films history .  
