ok so i hear about this new justin timberlake movie coming out which features some pretty big names . i mean great actors like  the freeman aka morgan freeman  an asset to hollywood  however completely wasted in this film . then we got kevin spacey  who i  ve been a great fan of ever since i watched american beauty and the usual suspects . both of these great actors probably signed on to the movie thinking it was going to be a great movie as i did when i heard the story . then enter a fresh faced justin timberlake . i say fresh faced because this is his first movie and those rotten tomatoes haven  t hit him yet . well the reason for that  i might add  is because no one will ever see this movie or even bother reading this review . the movie is so terrible that when i got into the first   minutes of it . the characters were so one dimensional that it makes some bible characters look like the don corleone . they got the one liners and sound  bite worthy stuff . the token troubled black guy  ll cool j  who is with a gorgeous woman who he otherwise would not even belong with in real life . the captain is this short whiny guy who speaks in such a high tone . and what crappy movie would be complete without the hero becoming richer because of an experience . oh and lots of gun fire  i mean a whole lot . spoiler  not     the kind of gun fire that leaves everyone in the police force who  s crooked dead and the hero prevails . they got flame throwers and rocket launchers  really no kidding .  br    br   bottom line if you want to see edison its because you are a great fan of one of the actors  or a great fan of justin timberlake  to all the   year old girls out there  enjoy   i wish i had more hands  because then i would have more thumbs  because this movie is so terrible because then i could give it so many thumbs down that thumbs down would no longer mean anything because this movie is so terrible because it sucks so badly that it made me laugh out of frustration about the story line because it just would not end because the firing and yelling just kept happening .  br    br   may gd have mercy on us all and save us from these terrible movies . well it could be worst  another rnb terrible actor turned singer turned terrible actor is usher  hehe check out in the mix lol  or even get rich or die trying  . now the special thing about that movie is that its got    year old men  playing   or even younger teens . i could go on with these .  
