hollywood  s misguided obsession with sequels has resulted in more misfires than hits . for every  godfather ii   there are dozens of  more american graffiti  s    stayin  alives   and  grease   s .  while the original  grease  is not a great film  the     adaptation of the long  running broadway hit does have songs evocative of the      s  energetic choreography  and an appealing cast . when paramount began work on a follow  up  the producers came up nearly empty on every aspect that made the original a blockbuster .  br    br   fortunately for moviegoers  michelle pfeiffer survived this experience and evidently learned to read scripts before signing contracts . her talent and beauty were already evident herein  and pfeiffer does seem to express embarrassment at the humiliating dance routines and tuneless songs that she is forced to perform . maxwell caulfield  however  lacks even the skill to express embarrassment  and his emotions run the gamut from numb to catatonic . what romantic interest  beyond hormones  could the cool sassy pfeiffer have in the deadpan caulfield  that dull mystery will linger long after the ludicrous luau finale fades into a bad memory . only cameos by veterans such as eve arden  connie stevens  and sid caesar have any wit  although lorna luft does rise slightly above the lame material .  br    br   reviewers have complained that  because  grease   is always compared to the original  the movie comes up lacking . however  even taken on its own terms  the film is a clunker . after a frenetic opening number  which evidently exhausted the entire cast  the energy dissipates . with few exceptions  the original songs bear little resemblance to the early      s  and the only nostalgia evoked is for  our miss brooks  and  sid caesar  s comedy hour .  the jokes fall flat  and the choreography in a film directed by choreographer patricia birch is clumsy to be polite . however  worse films have been inflicted on audiences  and inept sequels will be made as long as producers seek to milk a quick buck from rehashing blockbusters . unfortunately   grease   is not even unintentionally funny . instead  the film holds the viewer  s attention like a bad train wreck . just when all the bodies seem to have been recovered  the next scene plunges into even worse carnage .  
