zombie nation     r  br    br   hey  i was bored . i looked in my comcastic little box to find a movie to watch . zombie nation  hey  i love zombie movies . says the filmmaker has some sort of cult following in the description . funny how it doesn  t warn me not to watch this film . i could  ve used that advice .  br    br   zombie nation is just like troll  in that it  s completely misnamed . it has little  if anything  depending on your point of view  to do with zombies  and takes place all within one city . this film revolves around a crooked cop  who acts as badly as possible  he has to be trying to suck this much   while he arrests women for trivial bullshit and then kills them . yup  he  s a serial killer cop . not only is this film flawed in thinking that it  s a zombie flick  it also gets its serial killer facts completely wrong . serial killers enjoy killing  they live for it and they get down and personal with it . this guy knocks out the women  and injects them with some poison . he doesn  t even have sex with the corpse or dismember it . talk about boring  eventually  one of the whopping five women he kills has voodoo protection done to her and for no apparent reason  all five come back to life and head off to kill this guy . they were all buried or tossed into the ocean  but you wouldn  t know it buy the sharp clean clothes they  re all wearing . the women then act very poorly and take their revenge . oh yay .  br    br   this film was crap in every category . crap acting  crap writing  crappier sets  and crappier make  up effects . the women don  t look zombie  like  unless you count really dark make  up around the eyes to be the de facto definition of what makes a zombie . they can all talk  behave  think  and act perfectly human . the gore is weak compared to even many pg    films and the nudity is beyond brief . you see glimpse of breasts in the opening sequence . . . then the exact same breasts later  go figure . guess only one actress was willing to go topless for this trite . the police station is so badly constructed that you can see where they stopped painting the walls of the warehouse they  re obviously filming in . you can see the pipes and the bad lighting and the overly sparse set  up and even  unless you are blind  you can see the director failing . steer clear  it  s a waste of time .  br    br        
