 . . . this would have been what you got .  br    br   words alone cannot describe how bad this is . if you  re having trouble sleeping pop this in and i guarantee you  ll be out in fifteen minutes .  br    br   robert lowery was a pretty good actor in the   s   but he  s phoning it in here . in an interview  johnny  duncan  robin said that in one scene he and batman had to run from the car to the house and that lowery was doubled over out of camera range because his girdle was too tight  duncan himself looks more like a motorcycle hood than a boy wonder   in fact he  s more like a guy in his thirties waiting for lowery to kick off so he can wear the big cape .  br    br   driving a batmobile that looks like it rolled off honest al  s used car lot at below sticker price   the dynamic duo don  t put a lot of effort into hiding the fact that it  s bruce wayne  s car they  re driving   in fact it  s noted by several characters throughout the serial .  br    br   the acting is wooden   the sets are cheap   the dialogue is horrendous and if there was even a script they were following i  m sure it read along the lines of  batman says something here  because it certainly seems like they  re making it up as it goes along .  br    br   batman  s utility belt is made out of thin fabric with no apparent pouches to hold his gadgets   in one scene when batman needs a full size blow torch the producers just tuck one in as the scene starts   never to be seen again . his cowl is so bad he can  t even see out of it and his ears look more like flopsy mopsy the disgruntled easter rabbit than they do anything batlike .  br    br   in one scene  i am not making this up   batman substitutes counterfiet radioactive money that will burst into flames the second it is exposed to air as a payoff to some hoods . it  s radioactive so he can trace it   the reason it  s so highly flammable isn  t explained . well  unfortunately the thugs open the package in a cardboard warehouse   we know it  s a cardboard warehouse because batman sneaks in and pushes these boxes that look to weigh about six ounces on the hoods to knock them out   and soon the whole place burns to the ground . thanks batman   br    br   in another scene after the batmobile is disabled  batman flags down a passing motorist in the middle of nowhere and takes his car   leaving the man to fend for himself and telling him not to worry because if batman smashes up the car the police will surely buy him another one  yes  you guessed it  said car careens off a cliff within a few short seconds . not that it matters much to the motorist who has probably died from exposure trying to hoof his way back to gotham city .  br    br   there is a tired subplot with lois lane clone vicki vale who is convinced bruce wayne is batman   she must have noticed the batmobile parked outside of bruce  s house   or maybe she saw batman and robin running up the walk in the clearly densely populated suburban neighborhood .  br    br   everything about this serial is bad   and all but the youngest in the audience will want to hurl toast at the screen . if you  re looking for bad cinema you could not hit a better mark   if you want entertainment  try the burton batman films  the adam west batman tv series or the earlier lewis wilson batman serial .  
