i imagine when hitchcock scholars and experts find themselves together  the talk is not of the master  s great films like  north by northwest  or  strangers on a train   but a lesser  known effort like this one from      obscure and seriously flawed  which showcases the great director in fledgling form .  br    br   emily and fred hill  joan barry and harry kendall  are a middle  class london couple scrimping to stay ahead . he begrudges their lot she accepts it . change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle  saying he will set them up so they can enjoy a life of globetrotting luxury . they make plans for a world cruise . but their problems have only begun .  br    br   just ask richard hannay  roger o . thornhill  or marion crane . well  marion  s indisposed at the moment  but you get the idea . travel and hitchcock go together like moths and candlelight  setting one up for a perilous journey at best . this is perhaps hitchcock  s earliest foray into this theme  and not his most successful or memorable . hitchcock tries to mix comedy with another element  in this case domestic drama rather than suspense  but the two do not cohere  at least not here .  br    br   the hills are a dull  flat couple  with no chemistry or personality . when they find themselves at the folies bergre  in the form of cross  cutting with footage that looks ten years older than the rest of this film  they are abashed at the outfits of the female performers .  the curtain  s gone up too soon   gasps emily .  they aren  t dressed .   br    br   when the hills drift away from each other on an ocean cruise  it seems a mercy killing more than a tragic thing  even if the people they partner off with are drips  too . emily  s man  gordon  percy marmont  carries around photographs of himself sitting next to empty chairs  which he suggests be filled by emily . fred  s girl  the princess   betty amann  has clara bow  s eyes and wallace beery  s five o  clock shadow . there  s also an obnoxious fellow passenger  a dowdy spinster whom hitchcock always introduces with a cartoonish horn cue . subtlety was still to come .  br    br   everything is shot in an abrupt manner  with confusing blocking and strained dialogue . hitchcock tries for some early comedy with fred and his umbrella that doesn  t come off  and kendall seems to aim for laughs while berry plays for tears . when fred and emily break off  they are seen being jostled on a pair of wedged  together rickshaws  one of many clunky attempts at symbolism .  br    br   emily  s the only vaguely sympathetic character  in part because she really cares about her husband and agonizes over her affair with gordon  but mostly because she  s among the first of hitchcock  s many magnetic blondes  her platinum ringlets whipping around her face like a botticelli aboard the open deck of a chinese junk near the film  s conclusion .  br    br   matters conclude with a dangerous situation as set  piece for the protagonists to come to grips with  and presumably repair their relationship . only they aren  t active participants in the resolution  and except for the fate of a friendly cat  nothing about the ending resonates .  br    br   at least you get some enjoyable views of london in the early     s  and a chance to see hitchcock when he was still working for food .  rich and strange  is hitchcock paying his dues  and learning his trade  one for scholars but not casual film goers .  
