it has been said   a city on hill cannot hide itself  and virginia city  nevada  perched on the side of mt . davidson at     ft . west of tahoe  is a prime example  or in the context of the movie  should be . virginia city exploded in the american dream as a shower of gold and silver  suspiciously the same year the civil war began . it was the birthplace of the dean of american letters it was where a young reporter named samuel clemens began using the name  mark twain  and went on to become america  s most famous writer . it was also the birthplace of the great hearst fortune  and the launching pad of john mackay  who became the wealthiest man in america  the third wealthiest man in the world . hey  they should have made the movie about him  in the      s virginia city was the boomtown of all boomtowns  the home of the big bonanza  at one time the largest  metropolitan  area west of st . louis and east of san francisco . but virginia city  the movie  misses all that and is more about a hogwash north  south duello between the characters played by errol flynn and randolph scott . flynn is capt . kerry bradford  a union officer who is a pow in a concentration camp run by a mean confederate commander named capt . vance irby  played by scott . these two are always getting in each other  s way . bradford escapes and then tries to stop a shipment of gold bullion being  snuck  out of vc by who else other than . . . irby   hey  what  s he doing here    horrible . bogart plays a laughable mexican bandit who can  t decide who  s side he  s on . miriam hopkins plays a murky character named  julia hayne   obviously a historical lunge at the town  s first lady  julia bulette  who in real life a celebrated prostitute . she goes to washington and talks honest abe about saving bradford  not irby  from hanging and blah blah blah . go figure . they shoulda hung the writer . in  real life  twain reports that on the last day of the war  the setting sun caused the american flag atop mt . davidson to appear to the puzzled residents to be weirdly on fire  kind of like the movie . three days later they discovered that on that day the south capitulated . one interesting quirk in the film is how sidekicks alan hale and guin williams flick their pistols forward when they shoot  like they  re fishing  or trying to make the bullets go faster . not a bad idea for the movie . the same kind of goofiness is lathered over sap and corn throughout the movie . gosh  how could they miss the gold madness  profligate wealth  gun battles in the silver mines  mark twain getting run out of town and beat up after a showdown  the crooked railroad  the opera house fire  artemis ward  bulette  s huge funeral  the chinese tongs  the black saloons  the auction . .  all this high on a mountain surrounded by desert  the truth was unreal . did its fabulous wealth actually spark the great american holocaust  well  if you count this movie  it wouldn  t be the first debacle to come out of virginia city . it  s a disappointment for virginia city fans because it misses what made the town a  city of illusions   where it is said evil seeps out of the ground . . . okay  other than that it  s a fun movie . flynn and the gang are always great no matter what history they  re destroying . if flynn would just play his rotten self i  d double my rating .  
