following the appalling attack force  chances were that seagal could only have a step up with flight of fury . to out  stink attack force would take some doing . flight of fury is a marked improvement overall  but still in the grand scheme of thinks  mediocre . mediocrity is seemingly an achievement for seagal these days  a sad insight into his movie career  s decline . where attack force was a hodge  podge of plot lines altered drastically from conception  to filming  to post production  flight of fury keeps the plot line more simple . someone steals a high  tech stealth fighter  planning to use it to fire chemical weapons  which we later  bizarrely discover  will destroy the whole world in   hrs  . seagal has to get the plane back . it  s that simple  no annoying sub  plots  and conspiracies weighing the film down like far too many of his recent works . that  s not to suddenly say the storytelling is good though  it  s pretty poor . the introduction to side characters is badly done for example .  br    br   in filmic terms fof is bad . it  s badly acted by all involved  and seagal looks bored to tears almost . he  s just got the look of a toddler who  s been forced to perform the school nativity against his will  and so performs with a constant grimace and air of half assedness . can we blame seagal though when the material is so un  ambitious and cruddy  not really . this is the final film of his castel studio  s  multi  picture deal . the producers can  t be bothered to make anything remotely good  promising a   or so million dollar budget  and  after seagal  s obligatory  million  probably pocketing a nice hefty chunk of it themselves  if the film was made for the remaining  million  then i  m elvis pressley   . so in that respect why should seagal put the effort into a film that  s already got distribution sorted before it  s made . fan  s though may argue  he at least owes them the effort . he  s seriously looking jaded  and the continued use of stand ins and dub  overs is further indication of this . michael keusch directs with some efficiency  while the cinematography is quite good  but in all technical areas  and as usual with castel  a bog standard stunt team  there  s nothing more than mediocrity  and nothing to help the film rise above its material  and bored leading man . again there  s a few action scenes focusing on characters other than seagal  which in all truth we don  t want to see .  br    br   overall the action isn  t too bad . it  s nice and violent  and on occasion we  re treated to a few vintage nasty seagal beatings  but overall nothing special . partly due to a poor stunt crew  and the lack of time to film anything too complex or exciting . for me  shadow man was a more enjoyable film  because while ignoring the incoherent  jumbled  plot line  there were more vintage seagal moments  and more of him in centre stage . he never disappeared for long periods during the film . seagal disappears bizarrely during one action scene here  and re  appears after  with little explanation . there  s far too much stock footage used . using stock shots isn  t an entirely horrendous thing  but using it as a crutch is . we  re treated to countless establishing shots of naval ships  all the time  which get annoying . plus the continuity of the stock footage is all over the place  just check the backdrops  chopping and changing  .  br    br   the film is just middle of the road . it says it all that the films best scene is a completely needless  and gratuitous girl on girl scene  with two hot chicks . seagal even perks up briefly then too  overall this may be one of the better stock footage based actioners out there  but that  s not saying much at all . this will please many fans  but they should bear in mind  seagal himself would probably want to forget this one  s existence .   
