more wide  eyed  hysterical   s hyper  cheerfulness that gives new meaning to anti  social  pathological behaviour . danza and grayson will leave you begging for mercy .  br    br   it  s a shame that all the people involved in the making of this movie are now dead  or in nursing homes  . i kinda thought about suing them for torture . as this movie started unleashing its shamelessly aggressive operatic assault onto my poor  defenseless ear  drums  i felt instant  strong pain envelop my entire being . that damn muscular vibrato can shatter soviet tanks into tiny bits  nevermind glass .  br    br    why didn  t you switch the channel if you didn  t like it    you might ask angrily . fair point  fair point . . . the answer is that i wanted to  but the pain was so sudden and excruciating that i fell to the floor  writhing in agony . with my last ounces of energy  i tried to reach the remote but couldn  t .  br    br   a silly little fisherman with the questionable talent of singing with an annoying opera voice is discovered by niven  who then proceeds to  pigmalionize  him . lanza is in love with asymmetrical grayson  but she predictably treats him with contempt until they finally hook up . this may seem like a rather thin plot  but this noisy movie is so chock  full of singing and music that there is barely any dialogue at all . this movie is relentless . forget about torturing hippies and war prisoners with slayer  s  reign in blood   as in a south park episode  . whatever little conversation there is amongst the silly adults that infest this strange   s musical world  it  s all infantile  as if they were all  year  olds impersonating grown  ups . i can only envy people who find movies like this funny . it must be great being easy  to  please what a world of wonder would open up to me if only i could enjoy any silly old gag as hilarious  gut  busting comedy .  br    br   but let  s examine this phenomenon  the   s musical . my best guess is that   s musicals offered the more day  dreaming idealists among us a glimpse into utopia or heaven  depending on whether you  re church  going or lenin  s  tomb  going   or at least very cheesy version of these fantasy  inspired places . ttono is more akin to a representation of hell  but that  s just me . i don  t seem to  get  musicals . people talk  there is a story  but then all  of  a  sudden everyone starts singing for about  minutes after which they abruptly calm down and then pretend as if nothing unusual happened  when you think about it  musicals are stranger than any science  fiction film .  br    br   worse yet  ttono  my favourite type of pizza  btw  is not just a   s musical  but one with opera squealing . opera is proof that there is such a thing as over  training a voice  to the point where it becomes an ear  piercing weapon rather than a means of bringing the listener pleasure . the clearest example of this travesty is when lanza and grayson unite their dark side vocal powers for a truly unbearable duet . i tried lowering the volume . i lowered it from   to   . then from   to   . then  . i ended up lowering it to a   which is usually so low that it  s only heard by specially  trained dogs and certain types of marsupials  and yet i still could hear those two braying like donkeys   br    br   take the scene in the small boat in the river . danza starts off with one of his deafening  brain  killing tunes  and then . . . nothing . no animals anywhere to be seen . even the crocodiles  who are mostly deaf  have all but left . if you look carefully  you might even see the trees change colour  from green to yellow  in a matter of minutes . no  this was not a continuity error  it was plain old torture of the flora . and those trees were just matte paintings  imagine how real trees would have reacted .  br    br   the reason glass breaks when a high c is belched out of the overweight belly of an operatic screamer is not due to any laws of physics relating to waves and frequency  but because glass is only human  hence can take only so much pain before committing suicide through spontaneous self  explosion . i can listen to the loudest  least friendly death metal band for hours  but give me just a minute of a soprano and i get a splitting headache .  
