san francisco is a big city with great acting credits . in this one  the filmmakers made no attempt to use the city . they didn  t even manage the most basic of realistic details . so i would not recommend it to anyone on the basis of being a san francisco movie . you will not be thinking  oh  i  ve been there   you will be thinking  how did a two story firetrap  stinky armpit turn into a quiet hotel lobby   some of the leads used east coast speech styles and affectations . it detracts  but the acting was always competent .  br    br   the stories seemed to be shot in three distinct styles  at least in the beginning . the chinatown story was the most effective and interesting . the plot is weak  ripped scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies . the originals had a lot more tension and emotional resonance  they were framed and paced better . but the acting is fun and we get to see james hong and other luminaries .  br    br   the white boy intro was pointless . i think the filmmakers didn  t know what to do with it  so they left it loosely structured and cut it down . the father is an odd attempt at a berkeley liberal  really  folks  everyone knows it  s not  groovy  to live in the ghetto  but his segments are the most humorous . they threw away some good opportunities . educated and embittered on the west coast  a yuppie jerk here is a different kind of yuppie jerk than they make in new york . they are equally intolerable but always distinguishable . that would have been interesting this was not .  br    br   the hunter  s point intro was the most disappointing . it was the most derivative of the three  and stylistically the most distant from san francisco . you  ve seen it done before and you  ve seen it done better . even the video game was better   br    br   despite the generic non  locality and aimless script  these characters have potential  the actors have talent  and something interesting starts to force its way around the clumsy direction . . . about ten minutes before the ending . good concept placed in the wrong hands .  br    br   ps  there is a missing minority here  see if you can guess which one .  
