couldn  t go to sleep the other night . so i got up  flipped on the tube  this movie was on .  br    br   film makers bit off more than they could chew . just as ambitious in scope as  forrest gump  was . but gump read like an fairy  tale where an extraordinarily lucky man guides us through the era . tgmb just relies on tired clichs to tell the story . almost like a broadway musical where actors have to ham it up . every character  s purpose was to fill a silly    s archetype .  br    br   take how we  re introduced to finnegan hugging his black maid  receiving a framed picture of mlk . criminey  talk about heavy  handed . why not just give him a t  shirt saying  i heart black people    br    br   sunshine  isn  t free love groovay  man  oh no  i didn  t have my period .   br    br   mary beth  i want to go to berkeley  not square ucla .  uh  excuse me  there was nothing square about la in the   s . rather than take the time to demonstrate what made berkeley unique  we just hear this brat whine about not going there .  br    br   can  t even remember the black kid  s name . he was just a prop used to show how racially tolerant the other kids are .  br    br   thing is  period pieces don  t have to be this cheesy . take  dazed  confused .  look how we  re introduced to the football hero  randall floyd . we don  t first see him on the football field . in fact  we never see him play football . we  re introduced to him in class  inviting his nerdish poker buddies to a party .  br    br   in  dazed  feminism isn  t a casual by  product of some chick getting knocked up . it  s much more organic  more serious than that . it  s refined in the ladies  room over a flip discussion about gilligan  s island . serious ideas can grow in the most mundane settings . but real life is like that .  br    br   some of the warm comments here note that the themes in this movie are still relevant . i agree  which is why i feel so disappointed by this piece of baby  boomer pornostalgia .  
