totally ridiculous . if you know anything about poker  you will find it absolutely appalling but also entertaining because it is so clueless . the nerd who made this movie is obviously very religious and knows slightly about the game of poker  but i doubt he  s ever played above    .  i think he also knows nothing of golf .  where to start . i  ve seen better productions in the intro to film class i took freshmen year of film school . the actors to watch in this movie are queen momma  scotty nguyen  and the loser who can never win at poker . everyone else is as wooden as they come  like bad porn actors .  br    br   spoiler the man the movie starts with in the opening sequence is the only reason the film got made . he is a railbird who doesn  t play poker and never has a line of dialogue  but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie . i can  t think of a more useless waste of money than this man shelling out for this pointless production . it  s fitting that he had such a useless role .  br    br   there  s very little poker in this movie . most of the time is spent on useless side characters whose plots aren  t resolved in the slightest . queen momma does have a show  stealing scene where she throws her loser boyfriend through a window and tries to shoot his brains out . also the nameless arabs in the convenience store also give brilliant performances when they debate whether to beat up or kill an older lady who robs them . their subtle performances are easily among the film  s highlights . it makes you wonder why they bothered getting all these white people to play the leads .  br    br   in conclusion  complete nonsense . plan  from outer space has slightly more coherency . if you play poker though you might want to have a laugh . also if you  re christian you might enjoy some of the heavy  handed religious conversation that pepper the movie like pointless pepper . i hate movies made by religious people . especially ones who think they know something about things they know nothing about . it  s sad that jennifer harman and scotty nguyen got involved in this travesty as i can  t help but think less of them . they must be envious of johnny chan for getting in rounders .  
