lets enter the world of this movie for a second  so you can better understand the type of movie we are dealing with here .  br    br   edison is one of those really stupid movies where the bad guy and his goons have been letting loose       bullets shooting at the good guy behind walls and pillars  shouting at them  and then finally get to the good guy face to face and instead of killing him . . . . . . instead of wasting this guy that has caused you so much grief . . . . instead of just walking up and pop  . . . . . what do you do  the bad guy . . . . . he talks to him . he grabs the good guy and talks to him while holding his gun . they have nothing to talk about  shoot him  shoot him now  but he talks to him anyway . oh another thing . at the end  a newspaper says  pulitzer prize winner story right here  or something right above on a front page of a paper  when its like the first time the story is printed . so how in the heezy did someone win a pulitzer for it that fast  yea  you know those types of stupid movies  yea well that  s edison in a nutshell .  br    br   you get mr cool morgan freeman and shifty eyed tough kevin spacey who both phone in their roles completely  ll cool j who scowls literally every single moment of the movie  while proposing to his girlfriend in a damn night club of all places  and who  s last line  duck  was something from like a lethal weapon movie that was never made . . . and justin timberlake whining and spewing nonsense every time he talks  little cocky bastard . the only bright spot was a crazy dylan mcdermott doing his best  denzel from training day  impression  which was pretty entertaining .  br    br   oh yea so whats the movie about  eh  something about scandals involving the city edison  s fictional special unit police force called  f . r . a . t .  i swear i  m not making this stuff up  which was supposed to be a obvious play off of s . w . a . t . anyway little journalistic super singer boy justin timberflake smells something foul afoot after a murder involving  undercover cops from frat  and he goes scurrying off looking for a story  gaining his boss   freeman  trust along the way while they both unravel something even bigger and sinister than what they both thought . blah blah blah . its like a bootleg pelican brief meets a halfassed training day . the pacing was slow and off  the script was horrible  and the acting was extremely uninspired . it jumped everywhere without going anywhere . people get put in comas and you forget about them . everyone in this movie just didn  t think . damn what a stupid movie . its becoming harder to write any sort of review for it because the movie left my brain the second it ended . . . no lie basically  do not waste your time   
