they must issue this plot outline to all wannabe filmmakers arriving at the hollywood bus station . they then fill in the blanks and set their story in whatever hick town or urban ghetto from which they just arrived . you know exactly what this movie is about from the opening shot  four young boys playing in grainy slow motion  accompanied by voice over narration . next stop after the bus station must be to buy stock footage of four young boys playing in grainy slow motion . once they  re grown  it  s easy to spot the writer  director among the four . he  s the quiet  contemplative  long  haired one who is never seen without his composition book tucked in his pants . this means that his superb writing talent will be his ticket from hickville to hollywood . only there  s no writing  or directing talent on display here . and if you still can  t figure out which one he is  here  s a hint the auteur and his character have the same middle name . it took over an hour to figure out that these twenty  something men were supposed to still be in high school . what looked like a prison was apparently a high school  the warden turned out to be the principal . once more  the poor  misunderstood rebel can pound everyone in the movie into the pavement  murder and pillage  but is powerless to stand up to his alcoholic father . how about hitting back  kid  like you do everyone else  numerous fist fight scenes for no apparent purpose . howlingly bad dialogue . many scenes badly out of focus . cartoon characters keep popping up as bit players and extras  drawing unintentional laughs from the premiere audience . overacting in the extreme . and if you don  t quite get the self  important speeches  or the slow  motion scenes  just listen to the overbearing music . it will clue you in and what you  re supposed to feel . poor marisa ryan must be racking up lots of frequent flier mileage as she travels around the country working in these amateur regional films . the biggest sin is that the audience is supposed to feel sympathy for kids who gun down old ladies  run over puppies chained to a tree  rob and steal  all the while complaining about their sad  sorry lives . but if only we could get out of this hick town and go to college . yeah  that  s the ticket . why is it that every twenty  something filmmaker believes that his life so far is so important  so interesting  that the world can  t wait to see it onscreen  if this movie is as autobiographical as it seems  then the auteur better be looking over his shoulder for policemen bearing fugitive warrants .  
