this is a well  worn story about a man who marries to escape the hangman  s noose  then sets about  taming  his reluctant bride . it manages to be sexist and racist at exactly the same time . we never find out  for example  why a woman who won the respect of an indian warrior is completely unable to fight back against her erstwhile husband . or why the members of her team are so eager to get a  real man  in the saddle when she seems to have been taking care of things just fine on her own . this only made sense in fifties hollywood .  br    br   there  s a really stupid scene where she horsewhips him and he actually catches the whip   the second time   then yanks her off her horse . never mind that the first time probably would have lost him an eye  which would make it pretty hard to grab that whip  then  he prevails in a fight against her indian bodyguard where he spends the first two thirds of it getting beaten to a pulp . that  s some second wind . later  he successfully negotiates with some bloodthirsty indians  as they all are in these flicks  after they reject her now she  s his  squaw  . never mind that he has zero diplomatic skills and she  s been negotiating with them for years . and the way he keeps rejecting her attempts to seduce him just to keep her keen and keep her from getting a hold on him   yeah  right . like the women are just throwing themselves at him all the way down the trail .  br    br   finally  neither of the leads is convincing in their roles . madison is just a jerk who gets unrealistically lucky . fleming flips her hair and scowls a lot  but is totally unconvincing as a fiery tomboy . the only reason you  d root for her is because you want to see madison get tied to a runaway horse and dragged over a cliff before the film  s end . the way that madison tames fleming is so predictable and has so few obstacles that it will irritate the heck out of you if you see women as anything but blow  up dolls . even if you do see them as dolls  the total lack of suspense will bore you .  br    br   total waste of time . even the scenery  s kinda dull . give this one a big miss .  
