ll cool j performed much better in this movie that i expected  he did a fabulous job acting as a  renegade  cop within a  renegade  department . from the very beginning  he does a great job of building viewer empathy for his character and the predicament he  s in . he acts as a sort of  gentle giant    a person whose rough exterior can scare anybody  yet whose heart is clearly in the right place from the very start   and he does an amazing job . he was quite clearly the best character in the movie .  br    br   this was certainly a performance that will not win morgan freeman any awards . after starring in powerhouse films like the shawshank redemption this film was certainly a step down . his role in edison simply did not allow him to show his true talents as an actor   and in terms of the conglomeration of characters placed him sadly on a back burner . there are so many ways his character  moses ashford  could have taken a more pivotal role . that he didn  t was disappointing and a true let  down . i was hoping to see more from him in this film .  br    br   timberlake ought to have stayed in the music industry . his portrayal of a young journalist was poorly acted and unpersuasive . this movie is a typical action movie that  at least initially  bears some resemblance to corrupt police affairs la has experienced in the past . being an action movie  it has its share of shoot  em  up scenes  blood  and guts . these scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable . watching the beginning of the movie there is very little suspense as to what will happen at the end   think of what you would typically expect in a good  cops  bad  cops conflict   and it bears little resemblance to a real police shoot  out .  br    br   what irked me most was the way timberlake  s character behaved during shoot  out scenes . he starts out having guns and not using them . then when he finally gets around to using one he fires it as if he  s been firing a gun his whole life . then he runs out of bullets and doesn  t have a gun   and   seconds later  without moving or anything   suddenly has  more fully loaded guns and extra ammo   little plot errors like this really ruined the movie for me .  br    br   if what you are looking for is a blatantly fictional plot in a fantasy world where everything turns out okay  then you  ll probably love this movie . personally  it doesn  t matter to me what kind of movie it is as long as it is realistic . make me believe that the story is true . this story was so obviously fictional in so many aspects that i came away feeling unsatisfied .  
