i love all types of films  especially horror . that being said  survival does not live up to any of the hype surrounding it .  br    br   i can  t give it any points on originality . there is nothing wrong with exploring the same themes  or remaking what others have done . it has just become a cop out for indie films to take us on a slasher journey through the woods  a crazed killer  and as of lately  throw in some crazy family . on those lines i have to compare it with the likes of texas chainsaw  wrong turn  though the twist in that one is obvious   and others . survival falls up way short against comparable films . the plot was just not original in any way . some films can get by with a weak  and way over  done  plot with superb acting  special fx  or a slew of other factors . survivial doesn  t have any of that to bank on . if you will  note the following the acting in the movie never took off . i don  t knock or blame the actors for that  nor the director . the dialogue was at best mediocre  and the actors involved never showed  not saying didn  t have  the talent to pull it off . i mention  standouts . the leading man in this film certainly has the look  but i seriously thinks he needs to consider more training before he is ready to carry a film . the actor who portrayed greg also had potential  but we never got to see any of it  watch the movie to see why  you won  t believe it . .  .  br    br   the grainy film look . ah yes  that little tid  bit of film making magic designed to take us to the glory days of  grindhouse  films . in today  s film making  that has become a gimmick . it either works or it doesn  t . in this case it just does not work . there are too many other flaws going on  so it winds up distracting from the film  not adding to it . that being said  i think they did a good job of adding that grain . that is some good  quality grain . i think with a different script  better direction  and possibly actors  they should try another  grindhouse  attempt . they will probably pull it off .  br    br   as far as the tech aspects  in my opinion  they never quite gelled for me either . better care could have been taken with audio  sounds like it was fed directly into the camera  but there is nothing wrong with that  and for being shot on dv  it was too soft for my taste .  br    br   that is all i have to say about that . . . . .  
