it  s got christopher lee  it  s got huge banks of     s computers that make teletype noises as letters appear on the screen  it  s got radioactive isotopes that not only glow in the dark but emit pulsing thrumming noises  it  s got volcanoes  evil aliens disguised as nuns  tidal waves  earthquakes  exploding cars  exploding coffee machines  and as a climax the entire planet blows up . how on earth does this film managed to be so incredibly  mind  numbingly dull  the answer  my friend is because    of this movie is made up of establishing shots  most of them involving long tracks  pans  or zooms in combinations  or occasionally all three  that do nothing except give the crew something to do . there are endless shots of our protagonists driving  getting in and out of cars  driving again  walking around looking at stuff  getting in cars and driving . . . i just sat there watching endless parade of nothingness in stupefaction muttering  say something  please somebody  just say something . . . do something . . . anything  . . .   br    br   the dialogue  when it does come  is terrible .  br    br    maybe their minutes are measured on a different scale than ours .  was a typically meaningless line . the script culminates in the destruction of the world by stock footage  justified in this speech from lee as the head alien  br    br    the planet earth has emitted an over  abundance of diseases  they are contaminating the universe . all the planets light years away from here will suffer unless it is destroyed    br    br   this is is neanderthal sf script writing . this is the sort of motivation you find in the sort of      s japanese monster suit movies aimed at  year olds . it is  and i collect such things  the most god  awful line from an english language sf movie since buster crabbe retired . it beggars belief that this movie was released in the same year as star wars and close encounters .  br    br   lee  who always struck me as a smart  useful actor with a sure knowledge of his limits  delivers his lines as if he is going to kill his agent for getting him into this pile of drek . i don  t blame him .  
