this is available on a  drive in double feature  from dark sky films  and since i just had finished up  barracuda   i watched this too . this is a film that proves to be incredibly ambitious and inept at the same time .  br    br   we begin with two young ladies wandering the streets of some foreign town  but where exactly are they  they stop to look at necklaces from some chinese vendor  and try on chinese  style clothes at a shop  but then we see some aztec dancers  and all the while  these girls are being followed by two guys  who eventually drop whatever stealth they didn  t have to chase the girls on a wild run though the town  and they finally catch them .  br    br   it seems that one of the girls has a coin on a string around her neck  and these guys want to find the loot  and where did she get it  so  in flashback  we go back to find out . and how did they know she had this coin  hard to say  really .  br    br   now  back in the day  when these two women were   years old  they were out with their sisters and their sister  s boyfriends on a boat  and after stopped to get air in their tanks  they tow this young boy back to his home dock  only to have his grandpa come out  invite the  young  uns  up for herbal tea with granny . but not everyone has the tea  todd has gone back to the boat to check on the young girls  and then when they  re away from it  the boat blows up  and when they get back to the house their friends have mysteriously disappeared . well  it seems as though these  kindly folk  raise their own vegetables but they wait for the meat to drop by for a spell  and serve it herbal tea .  br    br   but the girls and todd did leave the island  but now  they  re returning  escorted by their captors  and they  re there to find the treasure  despite the fact that no one ever showed the girls where it was before . there also seems to be someone else on the island  and the thugs mysteriously begin to die  one by one  and since there  s only three  it doesn  t take long . and there  s even a sort of happy ending  which will leave the viewer every bit as baffled as they were throughout the rest of the film .  br    br   the two thugs seem to be speed freaks with anger issues  and combined with no acting ability they  re borderline hilarious . the hillbilly  type family is also devoid of acting ability  despite the fact that the grandpa is hank worden  who appeared in many films and tv shows . the action is confusing  the locales are even more confusing  and the island looks like southern california .  br    br   so what the hell is this  i  m not sure  but it certainly is worth seeing once so you can think  or say   huh   out of    very bizarre .  
