although  i had no earthly idea on what to expect from this movie  this sure as hell wasn  t what i would have had in mind  had anything actually come to mind . once i heard of its existence  all i knew was that i had to own a movie called please don  t eat the babies . unfortunately  i could only find a copy under its alternate title  island fury . looking back  i guess i could call it a lose  lose situation . on one hand  i still don  t get to be known as the guy who owns a movie called please don  t eat the babies  and on the other hand  island fury would ultimately reveal itself to be an awful  pointless  boring  unwatchable piece of garbage . yeah  definitely lose  lose .  br    br   i  m not even sure what genre they  re going for here . just early    s badness  with a flashback that might actually be longer than the non  flashback . first up  two teenage girls are being chased by two bad guys  once caught  the bad guys bring to our attention that one of the girls have a coin on a string  around her neck  and somehow  these bad guys know of a lot more of these coins hidden on an island somewhere . and this is where things start to get weird  somehow these guys know of a trip the girls took to some island  years earlier  when they were only   . i guess this is supposed to mean that the girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is . so  now  we  re in the past  while the girls try to retrace their steps  so these bad guys don  t kill them  although  i wouldn  t have minded if they had . in the flashback  the   year old counterparts are on a boat trip with their sisters and the sisters boyfriends  eventually stopping by an island for some air  they get mixed up with some kid and his killer grandparents . any potential suspense or reasons to keep on watching never shows up  but the flashback was undeniably better than the present  which  still  isn  t saying much .  br    br   for a while there i had forgotten about the original story  at one point  i ithought maybe the director had too  and when the flashback ended  that would be the end  which would have worked for me considering this disappointment would have been a half  hour shorter . this pointless movie within a pointless movie does eventually end  and real stuff does happen  but it  s stupid . i guess i didn  t exactly expect a movie filled with infants being devoured  or anything like that  but i did expect some form of outlandish b  entertainment  mostly just a confusing  inept storyline  unsure of its genre . my advice would be to seek out something worthwhile like attack of the beast creatures . if anyone  i would only recommend this one to serious b  movie collectors who must have them all  anyone else interested probably has brain damage . what really gets me is that i still have no idea why they called it please don  t eat the babies .      
