once again canadian tv outdoes itself and creates another show that will go unwatched after its premiere episode .  br    br   last time i remember sitcoms were supposed to induce a reaction we in the business call laughter . how funny is it to beat the stereotype of all white people thinking that all muslims are terrorists  ok maybe one joke just to stick it to the masses . but not   minutes . it  s called beating a dead horse . even snl would know to give up after a commercial break .  br    br   also  let  s have a little conflict in these scripts . will she or won  t she be able to serve cucumber sandwiches to break the fast on ramadan  when will ramadan start  ohhhhh this is emmy winning stuff here .  br    br   and the characters  what characters   they are all cardboard cut  outs without anything interesting to make us want to follow them from one situation to the next . that  s the point of the situation comedy . we need to have strong  interesting  dynamic characters so that we are constantly drawn to the tv set each week . we have to care about these characters to worry about what trouble they  re going to get into next week . if i never see these characters it  ll be too soon . thankfully i can  t remember any of their names  note to cbc  that  s not a good sign  .  br    br   and the acting is so bland . it  s more so a problem in casting than in the actors . none of these people actually embody the characters they play . they just seem to act their part as though they were working on a movie of the week . sitcoms require actors who live and breathe that character  make us fall in love with them  where they become inseparable from the character the portray . watch any american sitcom and you  ll see how easily identifiable characters are . part of the problem is that the actors seem to treat this project as though it might be a platform to bigger and better things instead of being their one big character of a lifetime for whom they will spend the next  years portraying . that level of disinterest in the characters and the project shows . but to be honest  considering the lame concept and the horrible writing  there  s not much for the actors to do but say their lines and try not to bump into any furniture . as another commenter mentions  this seems like a tv movie and not a sitcom .  br    br   and the directing or lack there of  what can i say  canada has so much talent  look at what the comedy channel is doing with puppets who kill and punched up . look at the trailer park boys  not the movie cause it bit the big helium dog  . look at any american show to see the potentials our talent as that  s where many of our stars go to find decent work .  br    br   give credit to the cbc  they really know how to build publicity for a non  event . remember  the one   no  well don  t even try to learn any characters names in this show  as it  s sure to go the way of the dodo .  br    br   let  s all hope for a full blown actra strike so that nothing like this emerges from the ceeb for a good long while .  
