you  d think that with ingrid bergman and warner baxter that this film would have been a lot better . sadly  the film suffers from difficult to believe characters as well as a major plot problem that makes some of the characters seem brain  addled .  br    br   the film begins with ingrid bergman coming to work for the stoddard family . everything is so very peachy and swell   the family adores bergman and things couldn  t be more perfect . well  that is until the mother  fay wray  dies  the stock market crashes in      wiping out the family  s fortune  and bergman is forced to go back home to france . this portion of the film is a bit sticky sweet  but not bad .  br    br   later  after the family  s fortunes have improved  bergman returns . the four boys are now all grown and there isn  t really a conceivable reason why they  d hire her once again as a governess . but  briefly  everything is swell once again . but  when wwi occurs  the four all go to war   gosh  in the midst of this  one of the sons  david  brings home his new wife  susan hayward  . miss hayward  s character is as black and white as the others  though while they are all good and swell  she  s obviously a horny she  devil . to make things worse  she comes to live in the family home while david is at war .  br    br   now here is where the movie gets really  really dumb   brain  achingly dumb . hayward begins an affair with one of david  s brothers but when the father sees a silhouette of the lovers  bergman enters the room from another entrance and pretends that it was her  not hayward with jack  why   why would any sane person do this to save the butt of an obviously evil and conniving woman  this was exactly the sort of excuse bergman needed to get rid of the gutter  snipe once and for all  this is just a case of lousy writing and made me mad . . . and most likely did the same to the audiences back in     .  br    br   the rest of the movie consists of failed opportunity after failed opportunity for hayward  s evilness to be exposed . this just flies against common sense and made the film a silly melodramatic mess . as expected  however  the truth eventually comes out and everyone is swell once again    happy to be one big loving wonderful family minus the slut  hayward .  br    br   the film suffers because of poor writing . hayward  s affair made no sense   at least in how it was handled . and  having characters who are so gosh  darn good or evil  with nothing in between  sinks this movie to the level of a second  rate soap . the only thing that saves it at all is the acting    they tried as best they could with a turgid script . suffice to say that the columbia pictures writers who did this film should have been slapped with a dead chicken   
