i just saw adam had four sons for the first time and the thing that struck me was that i believe that the model used was theodore roosevelt and his four sons . they were approximately the same ages as the four boys in this film . warner baxter in his portrayal of adam stoddard talked about the same values and family tradition that you would have heard from our   th president without some of the more boisterous aspects of tr  s character .  br    br   like tr all of the stoddard sons serve in world war i  in this case though the youngest only loses an eye instead of being killed .  br    br   but what if a female minx gets into this all male household and disrupts things  that  s susan hayward  s job here . in one of her earliest prominent roles  hayward is a flirtatious amoral girl who marries one son  has an affair with another  and starts making a play for the third . it  s an early forerunner of the kind of a part that later brought her an oscar in i want to live .  br    br   i suppose that with as powerful a model of decorum as theodore roosevelt was and warner baxter portrays  everyone is afraid to tell father what  s going on . the sons and also their governess ingrid bergman . here  s where the plot gets a little silly . bergman is introduced to us as a governess hired by baxter and wife fay wray for their kids . wray dies and baxter suffers some financial reversals in business . bergman has to be let go . she goes back to france and years later comes back to the family when the kids are grown up .  br    br   i  m sorry  but i can  t believe the kids need a governess now . hayward is quite right when she confronts her that it wasn  t the kids who brought her back . in the normal course of things  bergman would have gotten on with her life .  br    br   one of the previous reviewers said that a quarter to a third of the film i have was edited out . possibly that could be the reason for the many plot holes we have .  br    br   it  s too bad that ingrid and susan could not have done another film together in the fifties when hayward was at her heights and bergman had just made a comeback .  br    br   susan hayward is the main reason to see adam had four sons . and i  m willing to believe that a good deal of ingrid was left on the cutting room floor .  
