we all know that some of the greatest movies of all time were based on books . while not particularly accurate adaptations  these movies were nonetheless excellent films . some great examples are the harry potter series  the lord of the rings trilogy  and  to a lesser extent  almost every disney film ever made . however  i must regretfully announce that a wrinkle in time is not one of those movies . not only does it fail to meet some of the most basic expectations of madeleine l  engle  s fan base  it manages to defy the standards of scriptwriting  acting  special effects and  ultimately  respect for the audience . mind you  i  m not trying to be mean on the contrary  i went into this affair with an open mind . i figured that a made  for  t . v . movie would make up for its lack of razzle  dazzle in its script . after all  the star wars spin  off ewoks was decent  if a little silly . come to think of it  the original star wars was made on  a lunch money budget   and look where it took george lucas  however  from the first scene onward  disappointment started enveloping me as if i  d gotten too close to the black thing while tessering .  br    br   the same way greedo shooting first became the symbol of the star wars special edition of      a disaster of monumental proportions involving a disgruntled director making several hideous changes to a beloved classic   mrs . whatsit has officially become my personal symbol for the confusion and stupidity that is a wrinkle in time . the reason for this is the fact that she has been mutated beyond belief . aside from the slightly controversial decision of casting alfre woodard  star trek first contact and radio  as our favorite star  turned  mentor  the filmmakers decided it appropriate to introduce her as a crow . that  s right  a crow . moreover  the heavenly centaurion form of this greatly beloved character has been hacked at by what looks to be a demented eight  year  old the majestic half  man  half  horse with wings has become a huge human head with a creepy smile mounted awkwardly on the bowlegged body of a horse that happens to be sporting a pair of wings in the middle . had i been five  this would have psychologically traumatized me for life . the worst part is the fact that when it spoke  it was shown from behind so as to avoid the responsibility to lip sync  resulting in a scene that was spent looking at the back of its head and seeing a single  unmoving cheek  thus rendering the piece of special effects less believable than e . t .  br    br   having gotten the most painful part out of the way  i must go on to the tear  inducing one the characters  the acting  and the story . i  personally  had always imagined meg to look somewhat similar to moaning myrtle from the harry potter films plain hair  glasses  and a figure most supermodels would find laughable . she was always a slightly anxious  humorously pessimistic math genius who quite simply could not have cared less about the imports and exports of nicaragua . in the film  she is an unpleasant know  it  all for whom i have no sympathy whatsoever . in fact  she makes me feel sorry for poor mr . jenkins  her school principal  who continuously has to deal with her . calvin  the kind  intelligent kid who everyone thinks is a jock has becomea jock  the irony is horrible . as for the memorable happy medium  they took the pleasant old woman who liked to look at happy things and replaced her with a being who is  above gender  and likes to look at  funny  things  such as girls falling off of swings . the only three people i can think of who did a decent job are charles wallace  mrs . whatsit and the man with red eyes  nicknamed  the dude with red eyes  due to his complete reinvention as a character  .  br    br   the story is a mess . a good comparison to this aspect of the movie is harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban  which didn  t do a good job of retelling the story found in the book  yet kept the sole of the original work . here  the sole of the book is having a pleasant chat with hades down in the underworld  apparently unaware that its body is being destroyed . as the dark lord complements the sole on how well it showed that truth has to be felt and not seen  the flat  nosed wookies of ixchel  who replace the wondrous beings who hold aunt beast among their ranks  tear the spine up . as the god of the dead notes how subtle the terror of the earth  like camazotz was  the torn pages are scattered in the sandstorm and lost in the darkness of the land of evil .  br    br   i am very sorry that this film exists . i do not believe that the actors were genuinely bad . it  s the way the characters are written that ruins it . a wrinkle in time deserved to be adapted by lawrence kasdan  directed by george lucas or steven spielberg  enhanced at industrial light and magic  scored by john williams  given its sound at skywalker sound  edited by thx and marketed by twentieth century fox . in its current state  the film is unworthy to be shown to self  respecting people . even madeleine l  engle thought it was bad . the book was good  the film was bad  and mrs . whatsit was ugly .  br    br   score  .      if i could   br    br   pros  br    br   they got the names right .  br    br   cons  br    br   it had horrible problems with the cliffs notes level of adaptation  script  acting and special effects  not to mention lack of evidence of ever having read the book . oh  and the main cover  poster has a picture of the three main characters riding a flying horse over a castle . some might say that this symbolizes high adventure . i say it symbolizes the irresponsibility of the cover artist who didn  t even bother to photoshop meg  s arm on properly .  
