  this may be a bit on the spoilerish side  i would like to start by saying i did not watch the entire movie  nor could i because it was evident from the first hour that i was going to be incredibly disappointed . that of course is the problem with taking  what many believe to be an amazing book  and turning it into a disney made  for  tv movie .  br    br   a wrinkle in time should have been made into an amazing movie a long time ago . it  s got a great storyline that could hook children and adults . plus it  s got built in quality sequels . but disney  fying was not the way to go . the problem with the movie is that all the things they changed to turn it into a visual story dumbed down what was so great about the book . it is a complicated and emotional story for kids . there was no reason to make charles wallace purely  psychic   because that was the easiest way of explaining it . there was no reason to write a fight between the three mrs . w  s as added tension  there is enough tension in the story without that . there was no reason to remove meg  s glasses . . . that deprived us of what could  ve been a very sweet scene between calvin and meg that happens in the book .  br    br   i could nitpick for days about little things  but i also think larger things  like the art direction was a off . take for instance the way they made camazotz look  with its strangely darkened skies . the creepiness that comes across in the book is that camazotz could be earth . it looks like earth . it has people on it that look like humans . the skies are blue  the grass is green  and there are children playing . but something is a little bit off . the directors chose to make camazotz a complete other instead of taking the lesson in the book and applying it to the overall direction of the movie . the lesson of course is that camazotz could very well be earth  that is if we forget how to love . it would  ve been much creepier to have a beautiful afternoon as they  re walking down the street with the kids bouncing the balls in the same rhythm .  br    br   i unfortunately did not watch the end . maybe someone can tell me how disney messed up the end as well .  br    br   overall an artistic disappointment .  br    br    
