i only recently found out that madeleine l  engle  s novel had been turned into a tv movie by disney and ordered the dvd . the book was a favorite of mine when i was a child and i read it several times .  br    br   despite some of the child actors not resembling the characters as described in the novel  the murry family is well cast  with a likable  if too pretty  meg at the center and a charles wallace who is convincing as a child prodigy without becoming irritating .  br    br   the first half hour is promising enough  doing a good job in establishing the relationships between the lead characters and at setting the scene . unfortunately as soon as the non  human characters appear the adaptation starts to unravel and once the children leave earth the whole thing falls apart . alfre woodward is too youthful looking and much too regal as the eccentric mrs whatsit  think miriam margolis or joan plowright instead  and kate nelligan face is so mask like and inexpressive  she must have visited faye dunaway  s plastic surgeon in recent years . for some reason they make her mrs which look like glinda from the wizard of oz when she should have resembled a benign wicked witch of the west .  br    br   in the end what lets this down most badly are the terrible special effects and art direction . i understand that this is a tv movie  but the cgi looked like something that could have been done   years earlier . mrs whatsits  centaur incarnation is a disaster as is the chewbacca like suit for aunt beast  who in the novel is a velvety  elegant creature instead of the ungainly big foot like thing shown here . i could go on and on  nearly every artistic choice is a disaster  presumably because there wasn  t a large enough budget to do this justice  but also because the design work lacks imagination and good judgement .  br    br   this really would have needed the sense of wonder spielberg brought to his early films . what a shame that with the current popularity of adapting children  s literary fantasy series nobody thought of adapting a wrinkle in time and it  s sequels for the big screen  giving it the scope it deserves .  
