or  marlowe at sea  . yet another ridiculously overrated old film with bogey . quite talky  too . bogey basically plays the same character as in the marlow films always in control of a situation  never nervous  no matter how dangerous a situation  calls women  slim  and  dames  and other such nonsense  is the only  real male  i . e . alpha male in the movie  the only other alpha male male being the head of gestapo  but he is only a fat alpha male male   and  naturally  every attractive young woman who comes his way cannot resist his charms and wants his penis within hours of their initial introduction . the character clichs are all here . bogey is supposed to be the same type of cynic  about  to  reform as in  casablanca   and naturally he often refuses money or other valuables when being offered them  but how does that fit in with the tough cynic in him  it doesn  t  so he can  t be a cynic hawks wanted it both ways a character who is both the  cool lone cynic  and yet a well  meaning humanitarian . i don  t think so . . . bacall does her non  chalant  cool babe  routine for the first time  and there are plenty of overrated  not all  too interesting so  called  sexual innuendo  exchanges between her and bogey these dialogues sound silly by today  s standards .  just purse your lips and whistle . . .  . a load of crap . . . she was   when this was made but looks a lot older  and is far less attractive than the female stars of the day . her bony face  with its sharp features  is nowhere even close to radiating the kind of feminine beauty of a de havilland  the cuteness of a myrna loy  let alone the likability of an irene dunne . bacall was more suited for playing vampires  not femme  fatales .  in real life she is very much like her face a hollywood bitch .  there is a scene in which bacall breaks into tears very unsuitable for her character . there are two or three bad musical numbers  but my fast  forward button was ready .  br    br   if you  re interested in reading my  biographies  of bogart  bacall  huston  and other hollywood personalities  contact me by e  mail .  
