while the premise behind the house where evil dwells may be intriguing  the execution is downright pathetic . i  m not even sure where to begin as i  ve got so many problems with this movie . i suppose i  ll just number a few of them  br    br    . the acting  when you see that edward albert  doug mcclure  and susan george  and her teeth  are the stars of your movie  you know you  re in trouble  not that it matters much to me  but these are hardly a  list names . susan george may have been in a couple of movies i enjoy  but i  ve never considered her the greatest actress i  ve ever seen . and in this movie  her acting is embarrassing . as for the other two  the less said the better .  br    br    . the ghosts  the ghosts or spirits or whatever you want to call them reminded me quite a bit of the ghosts in the haunted mansion ride . at disney world . and  they are about as frightening . and why did they have to be so obvious  subtlety is not a characteristic of the house where evil dwells .  br    br    . the plot  how predictable can one movie be  the outcome of this movie is painfully obvious once you meet the three main characters . if you couldn  t see where this movie was headed after about   minutes  you need to see more movies .  br    br    . the convenient priest  what are the chances that the haunted house you buy just happens to be across the street from a group of japanese monks  not to mention that one of them knows the history of your house and comes over  knocks on the door  and asks if you need help removing evil spirits . absurd is a word that comes to mind .  br    br    . everything else  it  s very difficult for me to think of any positives to write about . i suppose i  ll give it a point for the opening scene and a point for the house  s architecture . that  s a sure sign of a winner  noting the architecture as a highlight of any film doesn  t say much about the actual movie .  br    br   i  ll stop . you should be able to get the idea from what i  ve already mentioned . and  i haven  t even mentioned the annoying little girl or the invasion of the crabs or a multitude of other problems . be warned  this thing is horrible .  
