at the beginning of the film  you might double  check the dvd cover and re  read the synopsis a couple of times  but no worries . it  s not  memoirs of a geisha  that you purchased just a movie with an intro that is much more classy and stylish than it has any right to be . still  the opening is by far the best thing about the entire movie  as it shows how in the year     a samurai sword master catches his wife committing adultery . he decapitates the two lovers before doing some hara  kiri  ritual suicide through disembowelment  . cut to present day  when the american ambassador in japan welcomes a befriended family and drives them up to the same house where the aforementioned slaughter took place nearly one and a half century ago . from then onwards  this becomes a seemingly routine haunted house flick yet the utterly retarded and implausible script still makes it somewhat exceptional . let  s start with the good aspects  namely the original japanese setting and the presence of the delicious susan george who is my all  time favorite british horror wench  well  together with britt eckland  linda hayden and ingrid pitt  . the bad aspects simply include that the screenplay is incoherent  imbecilic beyond repair and full of supposedly unsettling twists that only evoke laughter . the restless spirits of the house soon begin to entertain themselves by perpetrating into the bodies of the new tenants and causing them to do and say all sorts of crazy stuff . the spirit of the massacred adulterous woman particularly enjoys squeezing into susan  s ravishing booty and transforming her into a lewd seductress  in this  possessed  state  she even lures the american ambassador outside to have sex in the garden of a high society diner party full of prominent guests . so  strictly spoken  it  s not really  evil  that dwells in the house just a trio of sleazy ghosts with dirty minds and far too much free time on their long  dead hands  obviously these scenes are more comical than frightening  especially since the light  blue and transparent shapes remind you of the cute ghost effects that were later popularized in  ghostbusters  .  the house where evil dwells  is probably the least scary ghost movie ever . throughout most of the running time  you  ll be wondering whether director kevin connor  who nevertheless made the excellent horror films  motel hell  and  from beyond the grave   intentionally wanted to make his movie funny and over  the  top  like  motel hell  maybe . but then again  everyone in the cast continues to speak his  her lines with a straight and sincere face  so i guess we are nevertheless supposed to take everything seriously and feel disturbed .  the house where evil dwells  is never suspenseful or even remotely exciting and it doesn  t even contain any grisly images apart from the massacre at the beginning . i am fully aware of how shallow it sounds  but the two scenes in which susan george goes topless are the only true highlights . well  those and maybe also the invasion of cheesy and ridiculously over  sized spiders  or are they crabs   in the daughter  s bedroom . how totally random and irrelevant was that  if you ever decide to give this movie a chance notwithstanding its bad reputation  make sure you leave your common sense and reasoning at the doorstep .  br    br   trivia note for horror buffs keep an eye open for the demon  mask that was also a pivot piece of scenery in the brilliant japanese horror classic onibaba .  
