the film opens with a peaceful shot of a traditional japanese house complete with thatched roof that sits on the side of a small hill and an on screen caption appears that reads  kushiata kyoto  japan      . a young japanese trainee samurai named masanori  toshiya maruyama  walks up the winding path to the house  inside waits otami  mako hattori  with whom he is having an affair behind her husband  shugoro  s  tsuiyuki sasaki as toshiyuki sasaki  back who happens to be masanori  s teacher . shugoro unexpectedly arrives home to find his wife and student having very intimate relations with each other . his honour destroyed the enraged samurai brutally murders both otami and masanori before committing suicide . over a century later and ted fletcher  edward albert  arrives in japan on a working holiday with his wife laura  susan george  and their young daughter amy  amy barrett  . their close friend alex curtis  doug mcclure  who works for the american consulate helps them out by finding them a place to stay  you don  t need me to you where  he jokingly says it  s going so cheap because it  s haunted  to which both ted and laura laugh off as they obviously don  t believe in ghosts  at least for the time being that is . almost immediately the film goes into clich mode . lights turn on and off by themselves  laura has an uneasy feeling about the place and a local zen monk  henry mitowa  gives them an ominous warning for them to leave before it  s too late which they ignore  of course . the spirits of otami  masanori and shugoro were doomed for eternity to remain within the walls of the house because of a majyo witches  tsuyako olajima  curse put upon them . but there may be a way they can break the curse  unfortunately for the fletcher family it could potentially cost them their marriage  daughter and possibly even their very lives .  br    br   directed by kevin connor i thought this was a pretty average film  ok to watch once if you  ve got nothing better to do but after a day or two you  ll probably have completely forgotten it . nothing sticks in the memory as being particularly bad but on the other hand there  s nothing particularly good about the film either . the script by robert suhosky from the novel by james hardiman is a little on the dull side and strictly by  the  numbers  a lot of ghostly goings on happen throughout the film but none of it is very interesting or exciting and the flat characters and direction doesn  t help things . there are couple of silly sequences like the giant plastic crabs that try to get amy and her babysitter  noriko  mayumi umeda  . and there is a scene where the zen monk exorcises the house and the ghosts are banished outside unable to get back in  however that is until ted simply opens the door and they just walk right back in  some exorcism  one more thing  i think it was a bad idea to have doug mcclure who was   when he made this  try his hand at kung  fu and oriental sword fighting  george gets her ample breasts out a couple of times including a very unerotic sex scene with mcclure  although great pains and a couple of bed sheets that stick to them like super glue were taken to ensure no below the waist nudity was present . apart from a couple of mostly off screen decapitations there  s no blood  gore or violence to speak about . the  transparent  ghost effects are ok but they ain  t going to impress many people these days . it  s professionally enough made and looks quite nice but the potential in the japanese setting and myths is squandered as this film could have been set in america  england or any western country without having to change a thing . an ok time waster .  
