i  ve seen the gator bait films  and this is almost exactly the same thing as those . a woman is sexually assaulted by a group of degenerate men and systematically exacts her vicious revenge on each of them . the thing that sets this movie apart from those ones  although not very far  is that the sexual content is not glorified . there is full frontal nudity many times throughout the film  but not for a second is it ever sexy . some of the rape scenes might seem a little extensive  but that  s only because the movie is trying to strengthen the audience  s need to see this woman seek revenge .  br    br   this is a weak film  it has no other way to maintain interest other than manipulating our natural desire to see this woman get revenge on her attackers . i spit on your grave is not the kind of movie that you expect to deliver a serious moral  but i was glad to see that  since it contained a significant amount of violence inflicted upon the female lead  it was not meant to pass off as a ta film .  br    br   b  movies are notorious for being driven by nudity and out of control adolescent sexuality  and while i spit on you grave is unmistakably a b  movie and contains more than its share of nudity  the nudity does not drive the plot . on the other hand  the only thing that drives the plot is an empty necessity for revenge against a group of rapists . these men are evolutionary drop  outs just like they were in the gator bait films  and the biggest challenge for the writers seems to have been to come up with new and exciting ways to kill them  but the reason the film can never be anything more than a meaningless b  movie is because it does not deliver a message of any kind  but instead it simply satisfies the audience  s desire to see a bunch of rapists get exactly what they deserve .  br    br   the one problem that this leaves is that we have to sit through the sexual attacks . oddly  the first half of the film is the part that contains the most nudity  although not by much   but it is by far the most painful to watch . we are even let down a little as we watch the woman obtain revenge since a couple of the deaths were so elaborate that they were obviously impossible  it seems like pure luck that the guy in the lake at the end felt such an overwhelming desire to hug the motor on the boat and press his genitalia against the propeller  staying that way while the woman yells some final words at him and pulls the cord   but again  this movie satisfies only the desire for revenge that the first half filled us with .  br    br    spoilers  you know that this is all the movie means to do  since it literally ends the minute the last guy is killed . the woman does not live happily ever after  she doesn  t write her book  she doesn  t leave and never return to that nightmare place  she just gets in the boat and motors around the lake while the movie simply stops in its tracks . but hey  what more did you expect   br    br   oh  and did you read the tagline  if you decide to waste your time watching this  try and find any man getting broken or burned . i was really looking forward to those  
