i  m not going to bother with a plot synopsis since you know what the movie is about and there  s almost no plot  anyway . i  ve seen several reviewers call isoyg an  anti  rape  film or even a feminist statement  and i just have to chime in on the galling hypocrisy of these claims .  br    br   first of all  what do we see on the cover of this movie  that  s right a shapely woman  s behind . whether it was zarchi  s attempt to make an anti  rape statement  and i absolutely don  t believe it was  is entirely beside the point . the film is marketing sex and the titillation of sexual assault and the material is so graphic  everything but actual penetration is shown  that no one but the hard core exploitation crowd will enjoy it .  br    br   the rape  s  in the film is uncomfortable  brutal and hard to watch . there  s something to be said for presenting a horrible crime in such a brutal light  but there was no reason for this scene to go on for seemingly   minutes  none . there was also little character development of the victim and only one of the rapists is slightly developed  mere moments before he  s murdered  so the scene isn  t at all engaging on an emotional level . really  it  s just presented for the sake of showing extreme sexual violence and you can tell by the movies isoyg is associated with on imdb  caligula  cannibal ferox  etc .  that it attracts only the exploitation crowd .  br    br   finally  a few reviewers have commended zarchi  s so  called documentary style and lack of a soundtrack . but considering how inept everything else in the film is  acting  script  etc .  i suspect these were financial decisions and the film looks like a documentary because he literally stationed a camera and let his porn  caliber actors do their thing .  br    br   i  m not going to get all up on my high horse talking about the content of isoyg . i  m all for exploitation  horror and love video nasties . in fact  i  m giving this movie three stars only because it truly does push the envelope so much further than some other films . however  it  s also poorly made and after the rape occurs  just downright boring for the rest of the film as we watch a bunch of ho  hum  mostly gore  less murders and wait for the credits to roll .  br    br   this is probably worth watching once if you  re a hardcore   s exploitation fan but i  m telling you  the movie is overall pretty bad and not really worth its notorious reputation .  
