okay  you have  br    br   penelope keith as miss herringbone  tweed  b . b . e .  backbone of england .  she  s killed off in the first scene  that  s right  folks this show has no backbone   br    br   peter o  toole as ol  colonel cricket from the first war and now the emblazered lord of the manor .  br    br   joanna lumley as the ensweatered lady of the manor    years younger than the colonel and   years past her own prime but still glamourous  brit spelling  not mine  enough to have a toy  boy on the side . it  s alright  they have col . cricket  s full knowledge and consent  they guy even comes  round for christmas   still  she  s considerate of the colonel enough to have said toy  boy her own age  what a gal    br    br   david mccallum as said toy  boy  equally as pointlessly glamourous as his squeeze . pilcher couldn  t come up with any cover for him within the story  so she gave him a hush  hush job at the circus .  br    br   and finally  br    br   susan hampshire as miss polonia teacups  venerable headmistress of the venerable girls  boarding  school  serving tea in her office with a dash of deep  poignant advice for life in the outside world just before graduation . her best bit of advice  i  ve only been to nancherrow  the local stately home of england  once . i thought it was very beautiful but  somehow  not part of the real world .  well  we can  t say they didn  t warn us .  br    br   ah  susan  time was  your character would have been running the whole show . they don  t write  em like that any more . our loss  not yours .  br    br   so  with a cast and setting like this  you have the re  makings of  brideshead revisited   right   br    br   wrong  they took these   dimensional supporting roles because they paid so well . after all  acting is one of the oldest temp  jobs there is  you name another    br    br   first warning sign lots and lots of backlighting . they get around it by shooting outdoors   hey  it  s just the sunlight    br    br   second warning sign leading lady cries a lot . when not crying  her eyes are moist . that  s the law of romance novels leading lady is  dewy  eyed .   br    br   henceforth  leading lady shall be known as l . l .  br    br   third warning sign l . l . actually has stars in her eyes when she  s in love . still  i  ll give emily mortimer an award just for having to act with that spotlight in her eyes  i wonder . did they use contacts    br    br   and lastly  fourth warning sign no on  screen female character is  mrs .  she  s either  miss  or  lady .   br    br   when all was said and done  i still couldn  t tell you who was pursuing whom and why . i couldn  t even tell you what was said and done .  br    br   to sum up they all live through world war ii without anything happening to them at all .  br    br   ok  at the end  l . l . finds she  s lost her parents to the japanese prison camps and baby sis comes home catatonic . meanwhile  there  s always a  meanwhile    some young guy l . l . had a crush on  when  i don  t know  comes home from some wartime tough spot and is found living on the street by lady of the manor  must be some street if she  s going to find him there .  both war casualties are whisked away to recover at nancherrow  somebody has to be  whisked away  somewhere in these romance stories    br    br   great drama .  
