ok  i know that a lot of people will probably resent this review as watership down is a  classic  and a standard part of most people  s childhood  but seeing this film for the first time at the tender age of    i must admit i really hated it .  br    br   we watched this film because my sister had read the book and really enjoyed it  and many people who whimpered at the very words  watership down   their memories of seeing the film as children and having their emotions torn at the seams  recommended it . to be honest  i wish i hadn  t bothered . i gave it the benefit of the doubt generally i don  t like to stop watching a film half way through . this was an exception . it was really  really  excruciatingly  sickeningly dull . this film was possibly the slowest thing i  ve ever watched  imagine a doped  up snail in space   and really didn  t  do it  for me . the art was alright the backgrounds were nicely made if not a little bland and twee  yet the rabbits themselves were not very endearing and the animation was quite jumpy and poorly produced .  br    br   i  m not going to go into huge details about the storyline basically it is the tale of a group of rabbits who leave their warren due to the infiltration of humans in the area . generally a moralistic story about the perils of human interactions on the environment  it uses anthropomorphic rabbits to put the message across . for me  i kind of wished that they would get gassed  not because i  m a horrible sadistic person  but because the characters were uninspiring  annoying  dull and generally quite rude  oh i  m so terribly english  . i found that i was constantly looking at the clock whilst watching the film  and it took a whole   minutes or so before anything actually happened  and even that was a terrible anticlimax .  br    br   if i were to praise it in any way  i  d have to admit that the concept of showing children the perils of building on the countryside and hopefully unveiling the arrogance of humans etc etc is quite well  meaning . maybe it is all in general sanctimonious and preachy  but the message it  s trying to put forth is good in its nature . the musical score was not bad  too .  br    br   so  to conclude  this film is pretty poor . i couldn  t watch it the whole way through  or i  d probably be forced to eat my own legs in sheer boredom . granted  it isn  t  torque  bad  but it still doesn  t rate highly in my eyes  so i  ve given it a     .  br    br   hope this helps .  
