did i step in something or is that bad smell coming from daybreak     god was behind everything  what has god got to do with sci  fi  god is only the answer when you can  t think up a sensible explanation for something . in fact  this is exactly the problem with the series finale  they obviously couldn  t think up sensible explanations for the multitude of big questions that were raised throughout the series such as how kara thrace come back from the dead in a brand new viper  how her old viper and charred body ended up on earth   why baltar has an imaginary  in his head  why  has an imaginary baltar in her head  etc . so they explain it with  angels  or just don  t explain it at all .  br    br   the plot of the last  episodes had holes big enough to fly a basestar through . for example  why does galactica and its crew go on a suicide mission to rescue one girl  hera   particularly after adama said there was no way he  d attempt a rescue  because they found out the location of the cylon base  that  s not a good reason to sacrifice the crew  s lives . and how did anders know the location  and what was the point of the flashbacks to the major characters  lives before the war  it  s like they forgot to do it earlier so they threw something in at the last moment .  br    br   the people who wrote the last two episodes could not have been the same writers who created what has been so far a sensational series . feels like the script writing was take over by evangelical christians on a mission to spread  the word  . forget trying to tie up the loose ends in the plot  the important message the writers wanted to get across is don  t put your faith in technology as it will lead to your destruction god is your ultimate salvation  tough luck if you have an illness that needs medical treatment  .  br    br   imagine in the final movie of the star wars series they tell you there is no  force  . . . instead  a jedi actually gets his power from jesus . then they fly their spaceships into the nearest star and go live in the forest with the ewoks . would this be a good ending  no it frakken  wouldn  t .  
