the     s saw a vogue for documentary films about remote corners of the world  with an emphasis on wild animals  exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures . despite the logistics of transporting a film crew to a distant and dangerous place  and then bringing  em back alive  with the film footage   such films were often much cheaper to make than were conventional hollywood features . . . because there were no expensive sets  costumes  or high  priced movie stars .  br    br   the most successful makers of such films  artistically and financially  were the team of martin e . johnson and his wife osa  who made several documentaries  sometimes with blatantly staged events  in africa and asia . the johnsons  safari films were extremely popular  inspiring several parodies . . . most notably wheeler  woolsey  s  so this is africa   in which the very sexy esther muir plays a character named mrs . johnson  martini  instead of martin e . johnson  geddit   . although several other filmmakers were producing safari documentaries at this time  the johnsons  films were the most popular in this genre because they relied heavily on humour . viewed from our own more enlightened  i hope  standpoint  this is a serious flaw in the johnsons  documentaries there are too many scenes in which the funny little brown or yellow people are made to look complete idiots who are easily outsmarted by the clever white bwana johnson and his wife .  br    br   one definite asset of these movies is the presence of osa johnson . ten years younger than her husband  she manages to seem young enough to be his daughter . while certainly not as attractive as the shapely blond esther muir  osa johnson was a pert brunette who gave ingratiating performances in front of the camera in all the films she co  produced with her husband .  br    br    congorilla  is probably the best of the johnsons  films . the shots of the congo are interesting and have some historical value as evidence of what this environment looked like in     . the shots of the pygmies and other natives are also interesting  although these suffer from the johnsons  penchant to stage events in a manner that makes the natives look  wild  and alien .  br    br   the best  and funniest  scene in  congorilla  is an improvised sequence in which osa johnson attempts to teach a jazz dance to some pygmy women .  the dance is the black bottom  no less . . . the same dance which bob hope famously taught to daisy and violet hilton  the conjoined twins .  wearing jodhpurs  riding boots  and a pith helmet  osa johnson starts scat  singing while she does high steps and slaps her knees in her attempt to teach this dance to the african women . meanwhile  they just stand there staring at her  apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to accomplish . it  s a very funny scene  but it has unpleasant undertones . osa johnson is doing a dance that was invented by black americans the implication seems to be that black africans should instinctively be able to perform this dance after a brief demonstration  using natural rhythm  i guess  because it  s in their blood  or something .  br    br   i  ll rate  congorilla   points out of   . this film says a little bit about african life in the     s and rather more about american cultural perceptions in that same decade .  
