oh dear lord  how on earth was any part of this film ever approved by anyone  it reeks of cheese from start to finish  but it  s not even good cheese . it  s the scummiest  moldiest  most tasteless cheese there is  and i cannot believe there is anyone out there who actually  truly enjoyed it . yes  if you saw it with a load of drunk  stoned buddies then some bits might be funny in a sad kind of way  but for the rest of the audience the only entertaining parts are when said group of buddies are throwing popcorn and abusive insults at each other and the screen . i watched it with an up  for  a  few  laughs guy  having had a few beers in preparation to chuckle away at the film  s expected crapness . we got the crapness  plenty of it   but not the chuckles . it doesn  t even qualify as a so  bad  it  s  good movie . it  s just plain bad . very  very bad . here  s why  look away if you  re spoilerphobic   the movie starts out with a guy beating another guy to death . ok  i was a few minutes late in so not sure why this was  but i think i grasped the  this guy is a bit of a badass who you don  t want to mess with  message behind the ingenious scene . oh  and a guy witnesses it . so  we already have our ultra  evil bad guy  and wussy but cute  apparently  good guy . cue hero . big sam steps on the scene in the usual fashion  saving good guy in the usual inane way that only poor action films can accomplish  i . e . hero is immune to bullets  everyone else falls over rather clumsily . cue first plot hole . how the bloody hell did sammy know where this guy was  or that he  d watched the murder . perhaps this  and the answers to all my plot  hole related questions  was explained in the  minutes before i got into the cinema  but i doubt it . in fact  i  m going to stop poking holes in the plot right here  lest i turn the movie into something resembling swiss cheese  which we all know is good cheese  . so  the  plot   a very generous word to use  . good guy must get to la  evil guy would rather he didn  t  hero sam stands between the two . cue scenery for the next vomit  inducing hour  the passenger plane . as i said  no more poking at plot holes  i  ll just leave it there . passenger plane . next  the vital ingredient up until now missing from this gem of a movie  and what makes it everything it is  snakes . yay  oh  pause . first we have the introduction to all the obligatory characters that a lame movie must have . hot  horny couple  see if you can guess how they die   dead  before  any  snakes  even  appear british guy  those pesky brits  eh    cute kids  and jo brand . for all you americans that  s an english comic famous for her size and unattractiveness . now that we  ve met the cast  let  s watch all of them die  except of course the cute kids  . don  t expect anything original  it  s just snake bites on various and ever  increasingly hilarious  really not  parts of the body . use your imagination  since the film  makers obviously didn  t use theirs .  br    br   so  that  s most of the film wrapped up  so now for the best bit  the ending . as expected  everything is just so happy as the plane lands that everyone in sight starts sucking face . yep  ice  cool sammy included . but wait  we  re not all off the plane yet  the last guy to get off is good guy  but just as he does he gets bitten by a  you guessed it  snake  of all things  . clearly this one had been hiding in mr . jackson  s hair the whole time  since it somehow managed to resist the air pressure trick that the good old hero had employed a few minutes earlier  despite the    ft constrictor  the one that ate that pesky british bugger  being unable to . so  sam shoots him and the snake in one fell swoop . at this point i prayed that the movie was about to make a much  needed u  turn and reveal that all along the hero was actually a traitor of some sort . but no . in a kind of icing on the cake way  but with stale cheese  remember   it is revealed that the climax of the film was involving a bullet proof vest . how anyone can think that an audience   years ago  let alone in     would be impressed by their ingenuity is beyond me  but it did well in summing up the film .  br    br   actually  we  re not quite done yet . after everyone has sucked face  uncle sam with leading actress  good guy with tiffany  token black guy with token white girl  and the hot couple in a heart warming bout of necrophilia   it  s time for good guy and hero to get it on . . . . in bali    nope  it wasn  t at all exciting  the exclamation marks were just there to represent my utter joy at seeing the credits roll . yes  the final shot of the film is a celebratory surfing trip to convey the message that a bit of male bonding has occurred  and a chance for any morons that actually enjoyed the movie to whoop a few times . that  s it . this is the first time i  ve ever posted a movie review  but i felt so strongly that somebody must speak out against this scourge of cinematography . if you like planes  snakes  samuel l . jackson  air hostesses  bad guys  surfing  dogs in bags or english people  then please  please don  t see this movie . it will pollute your opinion of all of the above so far that you  ll never want to come into contact with any of them ever again . go see united   instead . that was good .  
