  raising victor vargas  is one of those light  family movies that you can watch and do the n . y . times crossword puzzle at the same time . and if you want to go to the kitchen for a taco and a corona  you don  t have to  pause  the dvd . just let it roll   cause you won  t be missing anything really important . no twists  turns  or tension . it  s not really an ethnic movie  it  s a movie about a poor  struggling immigrant family that happens to be latino . they could have been any ethnic group . it made very little difference . i  ve seen it all a zillion times before . just plug in a jewish family  an italian family  a black family  or an irish family . just the accents and names were different . if the vargas family was named bush or clinton and were presbyterians  the movie would have been a total snooze .  br    br   it  s funny that the critics here couldn  t get the locale straight . some said it was spanish harlem . some the bronx  and another brooklyn . as a life  long new yorker  i vote for the lower east side . and it seemed that the family never met up with anyone except other latinos . they lived in an insulated  isolated little enclave . some interaction with non  latinos might have created some excitement  interest  or tension . remember west side story   br    br   and now for the oft  criticized cinematography . i don  t know if it was my tv or what  but all the indoor shots looked very orange to me . the apt  the furniture  and the faces were all orange . what was that supposed to mean  and the apt . did look pretty cramped to me . somebody here mentioned that the old apt  s  tenements had very big rooms . well  maybe   years ago . what landlords have done is to break up one big apt into  or  very small ones and squeeze as many immigrants as they can into them .  br    br   and another annoying thing . . . . this is the second family movie i  ve seen and criticized this week that featured a teenage boy  jerking off  . is this private sex act necessary for us to watch  please spare me  what  s up with these directors   br    br   so  victor vargas  is a pleasant little movie . it was nice for a change to see young latino actors given a break and a chance to show their talents  which they did . but the writers let them down  giving them a flat  unspectacular script to work with . enjoy the show  but keep your fingers near the  fast forward  button .  
