this is not a film you can really analyse separately from it  s production . the audience became the film  makers to an extent unprecedented in the history of the american film industry we felt so involved that viewing it becomes like watching the work of a friend . how is it possible to be objective  this is our movie  isn  t it  or is it  there may be nothing more disingenuous than a film  maker who promotes himself as the audience  s friend  giving them all the naughty treats that the nannyish critics would deny them . just look at that prime self  publicist eli roth  promising gore  hounds all the viscera missing from literally gutless mainstream horror films  only to churn out a watered down and technically incompetent piece of work like  hostel  .  br    br   david r . ellis may not have spawned the monster that was the internet response to his film  but he was  quite understandably  quick to engage with it . he took the carnival  huckster school of film  making to a new level  getting the fans to build what they would eventually buy . so many have enthused over this interactive  democratic approach to film  making that they seem to have missed the point  that this is the most cynical form of film  as  marketing . nothing is included that the film  makers know the fans won  t buy  and any old suggestion that will get bums on seats is incorporated . the fact that the pitch became the title tells you all you need to know .  br    br   isn  t this just the evolution of the focus group approach  individual creativity  talent  craft  ideas  all are sacrificed before the inane chatter of the masses . it  s a critical commonplace that focus groups and test screenings don  t make for good movies  why should the preemptive intervention of internet enthusiasts be any different  because we happen to be film fans  well  thank god for us  because otherwise i might not have seen a topless woman get her nipple bitten by a snake .  br    br   so  yes  i had fun at the movie  a midnight showing  fresh from the pub and with a bucket of ice  cream  but it actually had relatively little to do with the film  and quite a lot to do with the atmosphere . like christmas  everyone seemed determined that they would have fun  no matter what . there was laughter  but i don  t know if it was with the film  or at the film . with a film as calculated as this one  is that even a meaningful distinction  there are some genuinely good aspects to the film . samuel l . jackson gives a well  judged performance  pure self  parody but with a real sense of pleasure . rachel blanchard and lin shaye are decent in limited roles  and there are one or two inspired moments  the fate of the lap dog is genuinely funny black comedy that the rest of the film fails to emulate .  br    br   the stock characters are to be expected  but the total lack of suspense isn  t . what  s the point of a film that combines two great phobias if there  s no creeping menace  there are several snake  jumps  out moments  but they  re incredibly badly staged . only the annoying british man gets a decent pulpy death scene  the other killings are oddly flat . the demise of the honeymoon couple  for instance  is shamefully botched . most of the actors fail to make an impression it  s a shame that a charismatic actress like julianna margulies should seem so tired  when she tells two kids to close their eyes and pretend the turbulent flight is a roller  coaster  she could be talking to the audience  the film falls far short  .  br    br   there are worse movies  but there are many  many better another reviewer on this site compared this film with  lake placid   and it  s as apt a contrast as any i can think of . that film worked so magnificently because the performances were excellent  the jokes were funny  the suspense sequences were scary  and it wasn  t devised by committee . that the characters had a little depth and shading was an unexpected bonus . i don  t need a post  pub midnight showing to have a good time with that film .  br    br   this film will  in time  fade to become a mere footnote in film history . if it sets a precedent  however  i  m genuinely worried about what might be crossing our screens in a couple of years time . in all probability  nothing much will come of it . perennial popcorn favourites   raiders of the lost ark    alien    halloween  and of course   star wars   just aren  t produced by group  think .  br    br   in the mean time  i  ll tell you what  i haven  t half got a craving for some ingmar bergman .  
