the more i analyze this film  the worse it becomes . first of all  why a motivational speaker  that part was just stupid . i mean  why would a megalomaniac trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker  is alexander stone really that disorganized  first he can  t decide what he wants to do to control the world  so he looks to the bible for ideas . many of these ideas  i might add  really have no reliability  for example  the part of the  the houses of ishmael and isaac shall scream out in terror  could have already happened . it could have been have been the synagogues burned during krystalnacht and the mosques could very well have been the mosques blown up in baghdad or something .  and gillen lane  s family  they had no part except to provide a family values platfrom and dab their eyes with water  i might add that since casper van dien  gillen lane is only in his twenties  or that  s the impression that i had  and has a ten year child  he had his child during high school . yeah  there goes tbn  s family values . also  why did this film have to be so damn propaganda  like  i  ll repeat what an earlier reviewer said . the indiana jones flicks use christian mythology as a plot dvice and manipulate it well so that we are intoxicated . this film doesn  t do that . the beginnig starts off well  with michael ironsides playing a priest who murders a scholar off some sort and steals the dead guy  s omega code . then when confronted by two men who he is obviously afraid of  the two prophets tell him  tell your master that we are here   . dominic  ironsides  replies  he already knows  and points to a small surveillance camera . that part sent chills up my spine . had only it gone on like that one scene i would have loved this film . i  ll give michael york credit he does a fine job of acting out his character  as does michael ironsides . but the good guys are horrible . i  ve already went on about lane  s family  br    br   . now that i  m over the acting  i  ll get on to plot . this is obviously a baptist film  since our beloved pope of the vatican is portrayed as an oaf . the world domination plot i liked and found plausible and subtle  as were the action sequences were also thrilling and well  done . also another diatribe against the vatican  their leaders are seen as dogmatically minded  since gillen explains to the pope that it  s not the end of the world  but the beginning of a new one also  the vatican  or israelis  says their going to secede from the world union aince they used the omega code to control the world . whoever it was  they wouldn  t just secede  they  d send over commandoes and kill them . this is the equivalent of america knowing about the kgb going to kill the president and simply saying  we  re not going to talk to you any more   . come on  i did enjoy the scenes where we see bombers headed towards israel and see them again on the monitor . mediocre in short .  
