i was very disappointed by this film for a few reasons . for the first half hour it  s actually pretty decent . although the acting isn  t any better then that which you would find in a rap video  its kinda funny and the production value doesn  t seem half bad . in fact i almost thought this would be almost as good as perico ripiao  another recent dominican film  which turned out to be much much better than i expected . the plot for the movie revolves around not just cheating husbands but how women are viewed and treated in dominican society as a whole  which makes for a good premise especially in the dominican republic . unfortunately i don  t think the makers of this film relies that a good movie is all about how you treat your subject matter  and they f  ing butchered the veal cutlet they had before them . about   minutes into the movie the roles of men and women are reversed after the main characters wife puts a kind of spell on him as a result of his cheating habits . not only does this transition happen via what look to be cutting edge  space age  cgi effects dating to what i  m guessing would be the    s  but the whole plot just goes down the drain . the rest of the movie is nothing but cheesy predictable situations  and clever one liners . to top it all off  and i guess i should warn you now spoiler alert  it all turns out to be a dream . oh my who didn  t see that coming  oh man i almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie . well after about an hour into it i start thinking  hmmmm something just doesn  t seem right about the sound track but what can it be    and then it hits me half of the music in the movie was taken from a video game called king of fighter   .  br    br   when oh when dr will you give us a film we can call a work of art     perhaps a comedy to match france  s amelie  or an action flick to match thailand  s ong  bak  an animation as akira was to japan  a witty crime thriller as layer cake was to england  or a socio  awakening journey as waking life had here in the states .  br    br   . . . i would give it a  but i  ve seen much worse come out of dr  search los jodedores and you  ll know what i  m talking about .  
