raising victor vargas a review  br    br   you know  raising victor vargas is like sticking your hands into a big  steaming bowl of oatmeal . it  s warm and gooey  but you  re not sure if it feels right . try as i might  no matter how warm and gooey raising victor vargas became i was always aware that something didn  t quite feel right . victor vargas suffers from a certain overconfidence on the director  s part . apparently  the director thought that the ethnic backdrop of a latino family on the lower east side  and an idyllic storyline would make the film critic proof . he was right  but it didn  t fool me . raising victor vargas is the story about a seventeen  year old boy called  you guessed it  victor vargas  victor rasuk  who lives his teenage years chasing more skirt than the rolling stones could do in all the years they  ve toured . the movie starts off in ugly fat  donna  s bedroom where victor is sure to seduce her  but a cry from outside disrupts his plans when his best  friend harold  kevin rivera  comes  a  looking for him . caught in the attempt by harold and his sister  victor vargas runs off for damage control . yet even with the embarrassing implication that he  s been boffing the homeliest girl in the neighborhood  nothing dissuades young victor from going off on the hunt for more fresh meat . on a hot  new york city day they make way to the local public swimming pool where victor  s eyes catch a glimpse of the lovely young nymph judy  judy marte   who  s not just pretty  but a strong and independent too . the relationship that develops between victor and judy becomes the focus of the film . the story also focuses on victor  s family that is comprised of his grandmother or abuelita  altagracia guzman   his brother nino  also played by real life brother to victor  silvestre rasuk  and his sister vicky  krystal rodriguez  . the action follows victor between scenes with judy and scenes with his family . victor tries to cope with being an oversexed pimp  daddy  his feelings for judy and his grandmother  s conservative catholic upbringing .  br    br   the problems that arise from raising victor vargas are a few  but glaring errors . throughout the film you get to know certain characters like vicky  nino  grandma  judy and even judy  s best friend melonie . the problem is  we know nothing of victor vargas except that he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood . we know that he knows how to lick his lips  and comb his fro  and carry himself for the sake of wooing girls into the sack  but that  s all . we know that nino plays piano  and quiet well  you could see it by the awards on the family piano . we know his sister nicki  is a gossip  loving girl with an invested interest in watching tv . we know that grandma is a hard  working traditional latina woman who  s trying to raise her kids with conservatively in a world of excess corruption . yet where is the titular character  victor vargas  he  s in this movie somewhere  but we only know what the movie tells us . this is by far the film  s biggest flaw . victor vargas isn  t so much a character but a ping  pong ball  bouncing between scenes with judy and his grandmother  but we never get to know who victor vargas really is . this is important because as i  ve mentioned the only thing we know of victor vargas is that he  s a sexually active teenager with a libido the size of manhattan . he  s a total alpha  male . victor vargas is not the kind of character i sympathize with at all . why should anyone  so by the end of the movie  in the aftermath of the climax are we truly led to believe that somehow victor vargas has attained any depth and learned the errors of his ways  how could such a two  dimensional character have any depth  if only the director had worried a little more about fleshing out his main character instead of worrying about getting that perfect hand  held shot .  br    br   raising victor vargas brings to life the world of the latino inner  city neighborhood to the big screen . something that few films have done before in the past . the film has been complimented for feeling so real  and i won  t  br    br   argue with that . i haven  t seen this level of reality since cbs aired survivor . seriously  although the movie has some nice shots of the city  the writer  director peter sollett was way too dependent on close  ups and hand  held shots . this problem is particularly noticed in indoor scenes that are so claustrophobic i was forced to perform deep  breathing exercises to keep from passing out . as the film continues  the shots get tighter and tighter with faces cropped from brow to chin on the screen you can practically smell victor vargas  s cheap cologne . the overall effect is unrealistic in contrast . the indoor scenes of inner  city apartments make them look small and cramp  which is not true . i  ve been in those type apartments i used to live in one . they  re not splendorous but they have high ceilings and they  re decent living spaces . by the movie  s standards you  d think that these apartments were  x  cells of brick  and  mortar  chipped paint and cracked walls . unfortunately  sollett  s constant use of close  ups and one particularly bad shot with a zoom  in on one scene come off as totally amateurish . but raising victor vargas is only sollett  s second film  and his most well known  a solid effort in filmmaking that will hopefully get better as he continues to make films . one review i read summarized the movie as  ethnicity for ethnicity  s sake   and i cannot agree more . if victor vargas were truly a great film and story  then the characters  applicability wouldn  t matter whether they were latino  chinese  etc . yet if you were to take this story and stick it in middle  class suburbia with a bunch of teeny  bopper white kids the results wouldn  t be such glowing reviews  and we  d see the film  s flaws more clearly . indeed  some other aspects of the use of latinos in this film bother me . while some aspects of victor vargas are accurate others i have to question . for example  victor  nino and vicky all share the same room to sleep . this set off an alarm for me because it seemed contrary to what i believe . any self  respecting latino family wouldn  t have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen  year old girl . at first i was unsure  perhaps i was wrong  but after speaking with my grandmother i knew my problem with this was justified . considering how conservative the grandmother is  you  d think that vicky would have been sleeping in her room .  br    br   as a latino who grew up in a somewhat conservative cuban household  raised by my grandmother while my mother was working full  time  i could relate to the movie in many ways  which is why my critical viewpoints are bittersweet because i really wanted to love this movie . unfortunately  my lack of respect for victor vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film . maybe it  s because victor vargas reminds me of those guys who were getting laid while i was playing with my sega genesis when i was seventeen . maybe it  s because without any further introspection by the film  victor vargas is merely a stereotypical hot  blooded latino  who  ll just end up shouting to girls from his car  hey bay  bee  ju want to get into my luv mah  cheen   either way i don  t like him  so ultimately how can i like a film about him  so if you  ll excuse me  i  m going to go stick my hands into a bowl of grits .  br    br    
