some people say steve irwin  s larrikin antics and gregarious personality are only an act . watch this film it  s obvious he can  t act .  br    br   steve irwin  dangerman star of the small screen in his crocodile hunter diaries  croc files and eponymous crocodile hunter series  you see a naming trend here  or is it just me    rockets his larger  than  strife persona to the big screen with crocodile hunter collision course  yup  there  s a definite trend of words beginning with  c    basically an episode of crocodile hunter mashed together with a b  movie .  br    br   on a mission to relocate a big croc to save it from being shot by an eccentric farmer  magda szubanski   steve and wife terri are unaware that the croc is being tracked by american spies  lachy hulme and kenneth ransom   out to recover a spy satellite beacon it has swallowed . will it hurt my credibility to say  they  re on a collision course with wackiness    what credibility   ed note .   br    br   the plot is irrelevant  as it is steve  s animal magnetism that propels the film . if you find his persona trying  the film is a failure  but if you  re a fan of either him  as a businessman  conservationist or just plain ass  klown  or his television shows  expect more of the same on a wide  screen budget .  br    br   john stainton  faithful liege  best mate and helmer of the crocodile hunter oeuvre  can it be called that with a straight face    writes and directs with the same provincial swagger that made steve a household wildlife jester .  br    br   the most jarring aspect of this movie is that steve  one of the few people for whom you can actually hear the exclamation points going by as he speaks  and terri  steve  s spouse of   years  fiercest ally and closest friend  treat it like it is one of their documentaries  breaking the  fourth wall  and speaking directly to the camera  whilst all the other characters behave as if they  re in a bad movie  well  . it wouldn  t be so incongruous if steve and terri were kept separated from the rest of the characters  but when the bad americans constantly threaten steve  s life  we confused viewers must ask ourselves why the indifferent camera crew doesn  t at least call the cops if not try to poke the bad guys in the eye with the boom mics  or run screaming into the bush  anything but continue filming casually with great lighting  crisp audio and seven action angles .  br    br   while terri is unfairly painted as steve  s mildly incompetent sidekick  her acting consists of boldly inept line reads and gadding about in pear  shaped  buttock  hugging jeans  for the last  i  m not complaining   steve goes about his business  as  usual of show  and  tell with creatures intent on killing him  doing all his stunts himself because  well  to him they  re not really stunts  just a day at the office .  br    br   of course  watching this madman  s koo  koo adventures after his tragic death in september     casts a strange detachment over the proceedings . but to those of us who never met him  this kind of malarkey  as well as various incarnations of the crocodile hunter series in constant re  runs  keeps him as alive as ever in our crocodile burrows . the wrenching reality of his absence will only be apparent to those nearest him . and i truly wish them the best in following in his outsize footprints  br    br   so enjoy this diversion for what it is  a half  baked movie featuring a full  on legend . he died doing what he loved  interacting with wildlife  and he could never have asked for more of his first feature film in portraying him doing just that .  br    br    movie maniacs  visit poffysmoviemania . com   
