i never was an avid viewer of  crocodile hunter   but did occasionally see an episode  or a bit of an episode  and when the news spread about steve irwin  s death from a stingray attack in      it certainly caught my attention . this movie  with steve and his wife  terri  playing themselves  but in a fictional story  was released in      but i didn  t hear of it until several years later  and even after that  it took me a while to get around to seeing it . well  now i have seen it  and after looking here first  more than once   and seeing its rating  i was not surprised at how unimpressive it turned out to be  though it could have been a bit better . apparently  it  s supposed to be a comedy  so a major problem with it is that it isn  t very funny at all .  br    br   a u . s . satellite beacon falls down from space and lands in australia  where it is swallowed by a crocodile  while steve and terri irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where it terrorizes the cattle on a ranch owned by the crazy brozzie drewitt  and are unaware of what  s inside it  two cia agents are sent to australia to retrieve the beacon  the agents are assisted by jo buckley  and the ranch owner and her dogs might make the mission more difficult for them  on steve and terri  s mission  they face other types of dangerous wildlife  not just the crocodile  and since they have no clue that the croc has anything unusual inside it  when steve sees the cia agents after them  he mistakes them for poachers   br    br   not only did i not laugh once while watching this film  the only part that really made me smile was steve irwin using a big snake to scare off one of the cia agents . apart from that  i don  t think i found anything even mildly amusing . it  s also a bit of an incoherent mess  switching back and forth from the australian outback to the cia headquarters  and it seems like clips from  crocodile hunter  and clips from an action thriller  or something like that  put together for some reason . also added to that mix are the ranch scenes  which also seem to be from somewhere else  and as funny as brozzie drewitt  played by magda szubanski  is supposed to be  she  s not . at one point  we see her farting  so we have a fart joke  a major clich in modern comedy  are they so hard to resist   i also found the typical  crocodile hunter  scenes  with steve wrestling crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking about them to viewers  to be tedious  but i guess the fact that i was never a devout fan of the show didn  t help .  br    br   steve irwin was admired by many as a conservationist  and is sadly missed by them  while there are also those who say he messed with nature and had it coming to him . no matter which side you  re on   the crocodile hunter collision course  is not a well crafted movie . i  m sure it does help if you  re a big steve irwin fan  but even if you are  there  s no guarantee that you would like this movie  as some fans clearly haven  t been impressed . in fact  it seems that some of them have found this movie to be worse than i have  so maybe it won  t help . like i said  there  s no guarantee . i would say whatever you may think of steve irwin and his show  this movie was unnecessary . the attempt to combine what is usually seen in  crocodile hunter  with a fictional story unfortunately failed  and a viewer may find that this film seems longer than ninety minutes   
