this film actually works from a fairly original idea  i  ve never seen nymphs that were thrown out of heaven in a horror movie before anyway . however  the way that it executes this idea isn  t original in the slightest we follow a bunch of kids that  for some reason decide to go on a trip into the forest . the fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs make it more interesting than merely another forest filled by rednecks  nutcases  zombies etc but really  the monsters are just a variation on the common horror in the woods theme . many films of this ilk don  t have a single good idea  and it would seem that this one has worn its brain cells out with just that one . the only real asset that the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they  re beautiful women that the characters lust for  rather than being hideous grotesques that they want to run away from . this is good up until a point but it soon gets boring  and the almost complete lack of any back  story surrounding the central monsters ensures that the film is never going get itself out of the  horror trash  category .  br    br   it  s been years since the evil dead made the woodlands a prime horror location  and in spite of films like the blair witch project it still makes for an excellent horror setting . this is one of the film  s major assets  as the forest presents a good impression of the unknown  the only problem is that forest of the damned doesn  t ever seem to have much up its sleeve . the death sequences show a distinct lack of imagination  and the fact that all the characters are clichd in the extreme doesn  t help  as you  re more likely to be looking forward to seeing them get killed rather than hoping they can get away . the cast is made up of kids mainly  but there is a role here for tom savini who unfortunately doesn  t get to have fun in the special effects department . the only real highlight the film has where personnel are concerned comes from the nymphs themselves . the naked ladies tend to look great  and if it wasn  t for them  this film would get very boring very quickly . there  s nothing to recommend this film for really but if you want a daft little horror film that harks back to the style of eighties woodland flicks  you might find some enjoyment here .  
