madison is not too bad  if you like simplistic  non  offensive   family  friendly  fare and  more importantly  if you know absolutely nothing about unlimited hydroplane racing . if  like me  you grew up with the sport and your heroes had names like musson  muncey  cantrell  slovak  etc .  prepare to be disappointed .  br    br   professional film critics have commented at length on the formulaic nature of the film and its penchant for utilizing every hackneyed sports clich in the book . i needn  t repeat what they  ve said . what i felt was sadly missing was any sense of the real excitement of unlimited hydro racing in the  glory years   which many would argue were already past in      .  br    br   yes  it was wonderful to see the old classic boats roaring down the course six abreast  though it was clear that the restored versions  hats off to the volunteers at the hydroplane and race boat museum  were being nursed through the scenes at reduced speed . but where was the sound  much of the thrill of the old hydros was the mind  numbing roar of six allison or rolls  merlin aircraft engines  wound up to rpm  s never imagined by their designers  hitting the starting line right in front of you . you didn  t hear it  you felt it . real hydro buffs know exactly what i  m talking about . there  s none of that in madison . instead  every racing scene is buried under what is supposed to be a  heroic  musical score .  br    br   and then there are the close  up shots of the drivers  riding smoothly and comfortably in the cockpits as if they were relaxing in the latest luxury limousines  in some cases taking time to smile evilly as they contemplate how best to thwart the poor home  town hero . or  in one particularly ridiculous shot  taking time to spot jake lloyd giving a  rocky  salute from a bridge pier . in reality  some unlimited drivers wore flak vests to minimize the beating they took as the boats slammed across the rock  hard water at speeds above    mph .  br    br   as one reviewer so aptly put it   the sport deserves better than this .   br    br   finally  since another user brought up anachronisms  i  ll add one the establishing shot of seattle shows the kingdome and safeco field . neither existed in      
