this is a kind of genre thing  meaning you either like the     s musicals or you don  t . if you do  you  ll love this . personally  i prefer the     s and most of the    s musicals with the dancing talents of astaire and rogers  and eleanor powell  bill robinson  ruby keeler  james cagney  shirley temple and so forth but the songs of the    s  the slower dance numbers and the soapy melodramas of the decade all turn me off .  br    br   this film is a case  in  point . the first song was okay but the next three did nothing for me . by then  the story didn  t have much appeal  either . the presence of deborah kerr is another minus . i don  t think i  ve seen a movie she starred in that i liked  including this one  where the goody two  shoes english teacher she portrays spends half the movie threatening to leave siam .  i which she had   .  br    br   however  divorcing myself from likes  and  dislikes  there is no denying this rogers and hammerstein production has a lot of appeal to many folks  particularly those who liked  the sound of music  a decade later . there are similarities in the rh musicals . thus  if you liked the julie andrews flick  you should like this  too .  br    br   this is a lavish production with  yes  a capital  l .  this is the kind of big  production musicals you rarely saw after that generation . you also get the dubbed singers  unlike today  where the actress isn  t able to really sing so marnie nixon comes to rescue of kerr  as she did with natalie wood in  west side story  and audrey hepburn in  my fair lady .   br    br   yul brynner is  king mongkut  and is the stereotypical traditionalist  the kind filmmakers always portray in a negative way . he isn  t  progressive   as the left wingers like the say  but the education teacher  kerr  as  anna leonowens   will set him straight . secular  progressives of today always place teachers higher than people trying to cure cancer  however  yul is good in this role and even employs some comedy along with his more  bark  than  bite character . justifiably  he is the big star of this film . brynner had magnetism . even in  the magnificent seven   yul was the one cowboy who mesmerized the audience .  br    br   in summary  it  s a fine movie for its day and millions of people enjoyed it . i  ll leave it at that .  
