awful  awful  awful  no  i didn  t like it . it was obvious what the intent of the film was to track the wheeling and dealing of the  movers and shakers  who produce a film . in some cases  these are people who represent themselves as other than what they are . i didn  t need a film to tell me how shallow some of the people in the film industry are . i suppose i  m at fault really because i expected something like  roman holiday  .  br    br   i  m not a movie  maker nor do i take film classes but it appeared to me that the film consisted of a series of  two  shots   in the main  where the actors    had been supplied with a loose plot  line and they were to improvise the dialogue . henry jaglon makes the claim that he along with victoria foyt actually wrote the screenplay but the impression was that the actors  cognisant of the general direction of the film  extemporised the dialogue  and it was not always successful . such a case in point was when ron silver made some remark which really didn  t flow along the line of the conversation  and i  m not going back to look for it   and greta scacchi broke into laughter even though they were supposed to be having a serious conversation  because silver  s remark was such a non sequitur . you get the impression too that one actor deliberately tries to  wrong foot  the other actor and break his  her concentration . another instance of this is when a producer tells silver to  bring the  documents    times  . silver looked literally lost for words . i have seen one other film which looked like a series of drama workshops on improvisation and that was awful too   br    br   the fact that jaglon was able to attract greta scacchi  no stranger to australia   ron silver  anouk ami  and maximilian schell suggests it was a  slow news week  for them . peter bogdanovich had a  what  the  hell  am  i  doing  here  look on his face at all times and i expected to hear him say  look  i  m a director and screenwriter  not an actor   which would have been unnecessary to state  faye dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son  liam . apart from the jerky delivery of the dialogue  the hand  held camera became irritating even if it was for verisimilitude  as i suspect the  natural  dialogue was  and the interest in the principals became subsumed to the interest in the various youths walking along the strand trying to insinuate themselves into shot . that at least approached cinema verite . so that  along with the irritating french singing during which i used the mute button  made for a generally disappointing    odd minutes .  br    br   i think we should avoid apotheosising films such as this . trying to see value in the film where it has little credit in order to substantiate a perceived transcendental level to it is misguided . there was really nothing avant  garde about it . it didn  t come across as a work of art and yet it wasn  t a documentary either . i know  it was a mocumentary but the real test is whether it is entertaining . i was bored out of my skull  it did have one redeeming feature it pronounced  cannes  correctly so i gave it     .  
