i jotted down a few notes here on the first power  lou lambada diamond phillips      satanic serial killer yuppie hell  fest . . .  br    br     lou diamond phillips was recently indicted for beating up his wife and may serve time in prison . i only hope that he can find armani prison wear to go off in style with one of the guilty pleasures of this movie is seeing his police detective clad in      designer overcoats  a      designer silk suit  and seeing his       month los angeles bachelor pad loft with interior design by mies van der roeh .  br    br     leading lady tracey phillips has gorgeous porcelain skin  flowing red hair that always seems styled even when mussed  and amazing breasts that are hi  lighted in the  nd half of the film by a designer silk pullover that sadly remains in place over her torso even when she was being prepared to be sacrificed to satan . at least back in the      s our demonic killers undressed their victims before doing away with them  though there is something to be said for leaving a bit to the imagination . by the final   minutes of the movie all i could think about is what her breasts probably would look like .  br    br     professional psychics living in los angeles can afford   million dollar condos on mullholland drive overlooking los angeles with a view that would make brad pitt decide that he was roughing it . as a matter of fact the condominium used in this film looks exactly like the same one seen in david lynch  s mullholland dr .  which at least had the good sense to make it  s condo resident a successful movie director . the only professional psychics i have encountered outside of this movie are all currently serving prison sentences for wire fraud .  br    br     i forget his name but the villain in this movie is wonderful  and his  how  s it going   buddy boy   line could be the best overlooked movie phrase since  thanks for the ride  lady    from creepshow  .  br    br     underneath major metropolitan cities there are huge vats of simmering acid that will explode into huge fireballs if someone throws a lit zippo lighter into them  which is why major public waterworks plants all have no smoking signs plastered all over them even though the idea of smoking around water being dangerous is of course preposterous . and since zippo lighters need to be manually filled with lighter fluid that can often leak out and be absorbed by ones clothing  the idea of a carrying one in the pocket of your      gucci silk suit strikes me as being much more dangerous .  br    br     the stunts in this movie are impressive to say the least  and one of the fun things about watching it is remaining yourself that you are not viewing computer aided special effects but actual stuntpeople risking life and limb to contribute to a movie that earned nearly universal bomb ratings from critics when released .  br    br     movie satanists always amaze me here is a guy who has tapped into some luciferian bid for power  and yet instead of using it to do something useful like making himself rich or causing fashion models to engage in free form sex with him  he instead possesses bag ladies and have them levitate outside of people  s apartments . speaking of which here is a guy who is indestructible  can fly  and is able to put his being inside of other people  s bodies   and yet he obliges star lou diamond phillips with an ordinary fistfight in the film  s conclusion  yet does not have the good sense to inhabit arnold schwartzeneggar or apollo creed to ensure that he wins .  br    br   and on and on . . . to be watched in the company of wise  cracking friends while consuming beer . you  ll have fun so long as you steadfastly refuse to take it seriously .  br    br        
