  i don  t understand . none of this makes any sense    exclaims one exasperated character towards the end of death smiles at murder . having just sat through this thoroughly confusing mess of a movie  i know exactly how he feels . the story  by the film  s director aristide massacessi  good old joe d  amato using his real name for a change   is a clumsy mix of the supernatural  murder  mystery  and pretentious arty rubbish  the likes of which will probably appeal to those who admire trippy   s garbage such as jess franco  s more bizarre efforts  but which had me struggling to remain conscious .  br    br   opening with a hunchback mourning the death of his beautiful sister  with whom he had been having an incestuous affair  before eventually losing her to a dashing doctor   death smiles at murder soon becomes very confusing when the very same woman  played by ewa aulin  who stars in the equally strange  death laid an egg   is seen alive and kicking  the sole survivor of a coach accident that occurs outside the estate of walter and eva von ravensbrck . after being invited to stay and recuperate in their home  where she is tended to by creepy dr . sturges  klaus kinski in a throwaway role   the comely lass begins love affairs with both mr . and mrs . ravensbrck  meaning that viewers are treated to some brief but welcome scenes of nookie and lesbian lovin   .  br    br    so far  so good   i thought to myself at this point   we  ve had hunchbacks  incest  some blood and guts  and gratuitous female nudity  all ingredients of a great trashy euro  horror what follows  however  is a lame attempt by massacessi to combine giallo style killings  ghostly goings on  and even elements from edgar allan poe  s  the black cat   to tell a very silly  utterly bewildering  and ultimately extremely boring tale of revenge from beyond the grave .  br    br   this film seems to have quite few admirers here on imdb  but given the choice  i would much rather watch one of the director  s sleazier movies from later in his career i guess incomprehensible  meandering  surreal   s gothic horror just ain  t my thing   .  out of    purely for the cheesy gore and nekkidness   rounded up to  for imdb .  
