honestly  the concept behind  masters of horror  had something going for it . big  time horror directors that are now left aside by the industry being given a chance to direct horror again  i was all for it from the start . that is  until i watched some episodes . . . oh boy  it  s really bad tv . not only does it seem like the directors are being given very little budgets to direct their skits  but there seems to be guidelines as well  like shooting in hd for example . to make a long story short  it  s bad both for artistic and reasons financial reasons . i cannot help but compare to the  tales from the crypt   and the m . o . h . episodes really don  t stand the comparison . tftc was good  moh is bad according to me here are a few keys to explain it tftc was shorter  around   minutes for each episode  than moh    minutes per episode   i believe it allowed denser screenplays  with good ideas reoccurring more often  better overview of an episode  less chances to let the plot be confusing or boring . duration might have been also the reason why the budget was better spent on tftc directors got to have real film music composers  composers on moh are if inexistent  very bad   real actors  whereas on moh it  s nothing but unknown actor after unknown actor    real directors of photography and  it can help sometimes  real film cameras  while moh is shot on hd cameras with very wrongly chosen lens  pieces   the result of which being that the episodes of tftc looked and felt  cinematographic  in the sense that there was real actors being casted  ranging from michael j . fox to tim roth to kyle mclachlan to kirk douglas  but there were also film composers behind it  of the range of alan silvestri  great directors of photography like dean cundey  high  end screenplay writers  and in that sense each  tale  was a little movie of its own true kind . compared to tftc  the  masters of horrors  is quite a lame approach to tv horror . it  s very hard to stand looking at it if your standards regarding cinematography are just a little above average  because it looks the same as any ugly tv serial  if not worse . it gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast  within the first   minutes usually . the actors are never  heard before wannabes  except for fairuza balk  robert englund  angela bettis and a few  but even there  they are the only famous actors of their episodes  . the director base for moh was good in the beginning  but it  s getting worst and worst with every episode now if even the directors are unknown to the world  what remains  nothing  and it  s funny how they are starting to have complete unknown directors while they haven  t even had  say  stan winston  dick maas  william lustig  sam raimi  eric red  robert harmon  william friedkin  jim muro  stuart gordon  russell mulcahy . . . if even  masters of horror  cannot bring dead directors back to life  who will  maybe a rerun of tales from the crypt will .  
