horror fans  i  m speaking to the over    s  although if you  re under   i apologise for what you might deem an insult   in short  if you appreciate having your imagination disturbed by well written  original storytelling  punctuated by unpredictable well planted scares  and delivered via convincing performances  then i can heartily recommend  avoiding these steamers  made by directors who have apparently long since past their sell by date . it  s no accident that almost every episode feels as if it were made in the      s . not to put blame squarely on the shoulders of some of these old boys  or indeed the    s  because where would we be without certain movies from the likes of argento  carpenter  landis  dante and barker  actually clive  wtf are you doing in there   glad to see romero had the good sense to give it a miss as i  m sure he was asked to partake . . .  . more perhaps we should point the finger at creator mick garris whose credentials include the logic defying and depressingly ill  advised tv remake of stanley kubrick  s masterpiece  the shining  .  br    br   perhaps it is an indication of the state of television today . are we so starved of good tv horror that we applaud any old sloppy schlock that the networks excrete onto our sets  sadly  maybe so .  br    br   normally i wouldn  t see the point of adding a comment that doesn  t argue the faults and merits of a production  i  d just rate it accordingly . however  as this series is woefully lacking in any merit  with perhaps the sole exception of the theme tune  i write this as more of a warning than a review don  t waste your time and money . if you disagree with me then it  s more than likely that you haven  t seen enough decent horror . perhaps the earlier films of some of these directors would be a much better place to start  but if these  masters  of horror were being assessed on these works alone  they  d never have been allowed to graduate with even their bachelor  s degree . unless of course they were studying for a degree from the university of st .  
