we open with colonel luc deveraux  van damme   the original universal soldier and his buxom asian friend being chased down a river by what appear to be universal soldiers . they almost kill the two  then oh wait  it was just a field test . deveraux we come to find is now part of a government funded company that designs the new level of universal soldiers . why he would want to be involved in this  if you know anything about the original  is never explained and well beyond me .  br    br   it  s after this flimsy set piece that the real story gets going . the united states government has cut the universal soldier  s project budget and in the process angered seth  the large artificial mainframe computer that controls the universal soldiers  . naturally he won  t be shut down without a fight . so that means van damme has to go around and take all the new breed of universal soldiers out . which sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and a take on a sequel  but that doesn  t stop it from becoming stupid as hell .  br    br   for instance  one of the new universal soldiers is played by bill goldberg . seems you can  t go wrong casting a wrestler in an action movie . he  s big  he  s tough  right  wrong . van damme doesn  t seem to have a problem wiping the floor with him . . . once . . . twice . . . three times . the point here lost on me . then there  s the breaking of glass . a rudimentary part of any action movie  but someone involved must have a glass fetish . you have to see the fight scenes in particular . let  s not talk about how nobody cuts themselves or at the very least slips . then to put the cherry on top of this train wreck  they have seth  the computer  secure a human body for himself and how appropriate it is when they make the villain black  michael jai white  . nothing works better than a white good guy fighting a black bad guy it would seem . potentially offensive and just downright lame . he  s no replacement for dolph  either .  br    br   universal soldier  is a lousy sequel . it  s loud  it  s dumb and it doesn  t care . the original wasn  t anything poetic  but it made a simple sort of sense with a science fiction element and it entertained on a basic level . the sequel doesn  t . they do however keep the running time under ninety minutes and somehow found a way to squeeze in a strip club sequence . so give credit where credit is due .  
