i first heard of unisol  when i drove past a cinema when i was on holiday in america . i really did not take much notice of it until i bought the original on dvd which led me to find out about its three sequels . i subsequently started to read about the return on the imdb and asked friends what they thought of it . despite their horrific criticisms of it  i still went out of my way to see it and was on the brink of buying it until i saw it for hire on dvd . i wasn  t expecting much but thought that it must have been half decent to get a theatrical release in the us  after all  how often is it that you see van damme on the big screen  well  nothing could have prepared me for this . it is so bad i almost cried . what a total waste of   minutes and   .   . it is hard to explain how bad this move is . honestly . this is idiotic film making . no  it  s more than idiotic . i just cannot believe how this got made . i cannot believe that someone out there has not murdered mic rogers . how stupid can people possibly be  firstly  van damme actually thinking the script and finished film was good . secondly  the fact that xander berkley  of terminator  and air force one status  commited himself to this film . i simply cannot believe the stupidity of this movie . it takes itself so seriously but comes across to the audience like a spoof . here is an example jcvd  s daughter  yes  luc is now a human again    i want my daddy   seth   so do i  . oh yeah  and some guy tries to shut down seth by pulling three huge levers with  wait for it  on and off written on them . the acting all round is like playschool acting . i  m sure mr director modelled luc  s reporter girlfriend on april o  neil from the cartoon teenage mutant hero turtles  she refuses to go because she  . . . needs her story  . i mean come on  how many cliches can a film possibly use  please listen to me fellow imdb users  don  t touch this with a barge pole . to conclude  universal soldier the return has no relation whatsoever to the first movie . in fact  if they weren  t called unisols then you would never know it was a sequel . luc is now a human again  what the hell    the only place in which he can access the internet is in a stripclub . all the new uni sols look like they were dragged off the street  they are that unconvincing . this is pure torture to watch  so do yourself a favour  don  t torture yourself . p . s  best part of the movie romeo jumps off a building and shouts  oh sht  .  
