the infamous ed wood  classic  plan  from outer space features an indignant alien calling the human race   . . . stupid  stupid  stupid stupid   i  d have to say exhibit a in that trial would probably this movie  a ridiculously silly sci  fi film .  br    br   falling action star jean claude van damme returns to a hit role for him from the original movie  luke  a former universal soldier who now works making really good universal soldiers . while van damme was too big to reprise the role in the first two sequels  he was too small to do much of anything else by the time the fourth film in the universal soldier series came around . so  probably cursing under his breath the whole way  he kicks and grunts and scowls through ninety minutes of explosions and karate kicks . you  ll find plenty of mindless violence  but i  d advise you get a coat check for your brain at the door when you start watching this thing . otherwise  you are liable to forget where you left it by the time it  s over .  br    br   luke is called into action against more universal soldiers after a really really really evil computer named seth  makes hal look like ghandi  turns all the other universal soldiers into evil  remorseless killers . of course this is what these things are programmed to do  but in this case they are killing their creators  not  the enemy  so that  s a problem .  br    br   i love the dumb logic of this movie . logic that believes that a supercomputer would create a body for itself that looks as ashamed as michael jai white does to be in this movie . logic that dictates that the creator of seth be a blue  haired cyber  stereotype geek who spouts cliches more regularly than old faithful does steam . logic that has a climactic karate fight feature two characters kicking each other though ten separate panes of shattering glass in the span of three minutes of screen time .  br    br   the film also features a daughter in peril character  wrestler bill goldberg as a wrestler disguised as a universal soldier  and a romance so tacked on  i have to think the writers thought tacked on romances were actually a good thing . and when this movie ends  it ends . not a minute after a gigantic towering finale  style explosion are the credits running . no epilogue  no where are they now  no final kiss  just explosion  hug  over . even the creators want to get out of this thing as soon as possible .  br    br   while it  s no plan   ustr is a silly little trifle of an action movie that would be fun at parties full of rowdy van damme fans who enjoy seeing their hero really reaching new depths . not to be seen on a serious stomach .  
