jean claude van damme tries to rescue his career by making the sequel of universal soldier . but  did that movie saved him  i think he goes to hell  after he dies .  br    br   in the first minute  we see the inside of a facility  where you can see the bad guy of the film . scary  huh  but not as scary as the acting  details are following  .  br    br   then  we see van damme with a black girl  do not remember the name . . . . well it doesn  t matter anyway   trying to escape from some muscle  men . of course they are the new universal  soldiers . more muscels  less brain  just like the movie  . after a while  van damme fights goldberg but then the  mission  gets aborted . it was just a test  is this movie a test for our nerves   . it turns out that van damme works for the government on the new universal soldier project  who has seen the first movie may think that this is the most unlogical thing  that yould van dammes character could do  . but it is a sequel . and a  story  has to come up . ah  i forgot . he has a daughter . very important for the  story  .  br    br   well  after about   minutes  a super computer hears a conversation about shutting it down and quitting he project . of course the cube gets angry and activates all soldiers to kill everyone . van damme escapes from the facility but the computer sends some soldiers hunting him  it wants van damme as a soldier  because he is the best  really    . and guess what  goldberg is one of the hunters  who was always a silly sentence for the audience before he gets asskicked . funny  yes  just like the rest of the film .  br    br   after some  story   van damme tries to rescue his daughter  of his wife  the reporter in the first movie  . it comes to a final show down where van damme fights the bad guy and you can see the most expensive scene of the whole movie  please see for yourself . it is just too funny to tell  .  br    br   you  ll see that this movie is a waste of time .  br    br   so do not watch it . but if you do  keep a sixpack with you   
