ok i saw this movie to get a benchmark for bad but with this movie it  s unisol  s best movie now plot luc devereux is now a technical expert who is working with the government with his partner maggie  who  s been through countless hours of training and combat with him  to refine and perfect the unisol program in an effort to make a new  stronger breed of soldier that is more sophisticated  intelligent  and agile . all of the new unisols  which are faster and stronger than their predecessors  are connected through an artificially intelligent computer system called seth  a self  evolving thought helix . when seth discovers that the universal soldier program is scheduled to be shut down because of budget cuts  he takes matters into his own  hands  to protect himself . killing those who try to shut off his power  and unleashing his platoon of super  soldiers  led by the musclebound romeo  seth spares deveraux  only because deveraux has the secret code that is needed to deactivate a built  in program that will shut seth down in a matter of hours . with the help of a hacker named squid  seth takes human form . not only must luc contend with ambitious reporter erin  who won  t leave his side  but luc also must contend with general radford  who wants to take extreme measures to stop seth . seth has also kidnapped luc  s injured    year  old daughter hillary  and is now holding her hostage . luc is the only person who can rescue hillary  because luc knows firsthand how a unisol thinks  feels  and fights . now there are problems like in any movie like did anyone find it weird how a reporter just  so  happened to be there and the soldiers can take being flattened with a truck however when vanne damme shoots them with a gun with one bullet and they die and the final fight scene was unbelievable when luc is now human and seth is  x stronger and faster than any other unisol and luc can take a hit from him . with the final fight when luc smashes him to pieces i was really surprised that the pieces didn  t melt and reform him  terminator   . another thing that bugs me is how the hell does vanne damme get good actors to play relatives i mean in the case of vanne damme it  s completely off the grid of how science fiction this movie is . the music score now that must have a mention have you ever listened to a song where you  d rather cut a blackboard with a knife well universal soldier  is like that . the good points are there  s no dolph  hooray  and unlike the  st one there is only one naked scene whereas in the  st one there are many  i  m still haunted by the scenes in    also the actors in this have some talent whereas in the first one the casting guys were sadists  if you don  t believe me look it up   
