in its depiction of a miserable milanese underclass  this film was probably quite revealing in its day . however  i get the feeling that neorealism was never really director de sica  s bag  since here he decided to try and create some sort of modern fable centring around a boy that had been found in a cabbage patch by an old dear in the country . after spending most of his childhood in an orphanage  toto ends up living in a shantytown in milan . he organises the inhabitants into community action  and keeps their spirits up by swanning around with an annoyingly constant smile on his face and testing them on their times tables . that nobody tells him where to stick his times tables is beyond me  as these people have far more important things to think about  like where the next pot noodle is going to come from . anyway  de sica then uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device in order to highlight exactly why these poor sods are where they are . it  s all down to capitalism of course  and in order to illustrate this  he has the miserables discover a fountain of oil on their land . brilliant  to his credit  though  by this time he has given up on making a serious film  and the capitalists appear as severe caricatures  all fur coats and cigars . they want that land  but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense . by a bizarre stroke of luck  his old  deceased guardian from the cabbage patch days appears in the sky and gives him a magic dove . he uses it to shower gifts on his mates  who prove just as greedy as the cigar men . i reckon this film was a missed opportunity . to address the theme of poverty  as not many film  makers had done until then  and then get caught up in a fairy tale  to me seems a bit daft . how come  great  directors get away with child  like plot turns like the ones we see here  hans christian anderson would probably have balked at the idea of having the poor folk flying off over the milan duomo and on to a higher place on broomsticks . de sica  however  is proclaimed as a genius for this . surely the fact that these people are so poor  that their faith is unswerving  and that miracles never happen to them  is enough for any story  teller to work on .  br    br    
