this so  called  documentary  tries to tell that usa faked the moon  landing . year right .  br    br   all those who have actually studied the case knows different .  br    br   first of all there is definitely proof . when the astronauts was on the moon  they brought back many pounds of rock from the moon  for geological studies . these where spread around the world to hundreds of labs  who tested them . and they all concluded that they came from the same planet  not earth because the inner isotopes of the basic elements are different from those found on earth  but similar to those calculated to be on the moon . i . e . the conspiracy theorists never studies anything they only take the thing that fit into their theory and ignores the rest .  br    br   another wrongful claim from them is that their was wind in the hangar where they shot the moon landing  i . e . the flag moves . there is a logical explanation the astronaut moved it with his hand  so it moved . and what proves this well  if the conspiracy theorists even studied the footage  they would see that the flag never moves after the astronaut have let it be  i . e . the conspiracy theorists are bad  scientists  they cant study a subject properly  or only studies it until they have what they came for  so that they can make a lie from that  and make a profit  i . e . this so  called  documentary   .  br    br   a claim says that it cant possible have been filmed on the moon because all the shadows come from different places  because there are different light  sources  the artificial lighting from the studio . once again the conspiracy theorists are wrong  as usual   the same would happen in an earth desert at night  with no light  sources . but i doubt that any conspiracy theorists have ever been outside their grandmothers basement for more than how many days a star treck  convention is held over .  br    br   the conspiracy theorists are in denial  big time . they only see what they want to see . so they make up all these lies to seem important  that is a fact .  
