when i was   i saw the documentary  a funny thing happened on the way to the moon  . i actually liked  and believed in it for a couple of years . but then i grew up  and began to think  and when i had sought more information . this is more info from reel sources  and non  biased sources . when i started at university  not so long ago  i asked an assistant  professor in astronomy about these conspiracy theories . what he said shocked me he said that all those theories where lies . that baffled me  i did not believe it first  but then he presented evidence for his claims . he quickly debunked most of the theories about the subject  humans did not go to the moon  . the most outrages claim was that the apollo  craft could not travel through the van  allen  radiation  belt  without the crew perishing from radiation . the truth is that the americans use a secret aluminum  anti  radiation  alloy . it is not that well  known . and the exact specifications are a secret . and why is it a secret well  why should they reveal it back then   if they where in a space race with the russians  then it would be very dumb to reveal that they had new technology that could shield crew against radiation .  br    br   and then there is the biggest evidence of all the moon stones . when the apollo  missions did go to the moon  they brought back many rocks from the moon  to give to geologists and similar scientists  who are documenting all things about the moon . these rocks and stones are in fact from the moon . because the internal basic elements  which all matter consist of  are also made of special isotopes  that are different from quarry to quarry  land to land  and especially planet from planet . the isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proved  that they do not come from earth . the astronauts brought home hundreds of kilogram  s of these rocks  all of them have been proved to have come from outside earth  and from the same planet . ergo the moon  landings where not fake . nasa did go to another planet the moon  though it is not a planet  but a satellite to a planet  a moon  duuh  . these rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities all around the world . it has been proved humans did go to the moon  it is a fact  pronto .  br    br   but i do not worry most conspiracy  theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated  that is mostly why they do not know or lie about these facts . the fact remains humans did walk on the moon .  
