from it  s uninspiring title to the flat acting performances  curdled is very much an unremarkable film throughout . the film has gained some fans by way of the fact that quentin tarantino  s name is attached to it  and the silly and out of place nod to the rodriguez  tarantino flick  from dusk till dawn  . these things do not make a great movie  however  and this is more than evident all the way through  curdled  . the film suffers from an all too obvious lack of ideas  and it tries to mask this with murders that are meant to be stylish and events that are supposed to be disturbing . the mexican music score that accompanies many of the sequences in the film is obviously meant to be cool  but it  s becomes annoying very quickly especially as aside from the fact that the lead character is mexican  it doesn  t fit with the tone of the movie . the film  s plot is typically offbeat and it follows a gorehound who  because of her obsession with grisly murders  takes a job with a firm that cleans up murder scenes . it sounds boring and it is .  br    br   william baldwin is the only  name  on the cast list  and even he doesn  t make an impression . he hasn  t been given anything to do in the movie and aside from talking to his victims and standing around trying to look menacing  he  s pretty much wasted . angela jones  or rather the taxi driver from pulp fiction  takes the lead role as the murder obsessed young woman  and it is always clear that it  s her involvement with pulp fiction that won her this role  not her acting ability . she may have been good enough in her small role in tarantino  s masterpiece  but she doesn  t have the talent to lead a film by herself . she looks lost and out of place for the majority of the film  and if it weren  t for her latino accent she wouldn  t convince the audience that she  s a weirdo on any level . curdled is a one hundred percent  proof piece of forgettable trash . films like this often win themselves praise for invention or black comedic antics but this one fails on all levels . whether you  re a tarantino fan  william baldwin fan  horror fan or just a movie buff this is one to miss .  
