johnny weissmuller  s final film as  king of the jungle   after   years in the role  tarzan and the mermaids  is bound to disappoint all but the most ardent of his fans . at    the ex  olympian  one of hollywood  s most active  party animals   was long past the slim athleticism of his youth  and looked tired  although he was in marginally better condition than in his previous entry  tarzan and the huntress  .  br    br   not only had weissmuller gotten too old for his role johnny sheffield  the quintessential  boy   had grown to manhood  he was a strapping    year old   so he was written out of the script  under the pretext of being  away at school  . brenda joyce  at    was appearing in her fourth of five films as  jane   she would provide the transition when lex barker became the new tarzan  in      s tarzan  s magic fountain  and was still as wholesomely sexy as ever .  br    br   produced by sol lesser  at rko  on a minuscule budget  the cast and crew took advantage of cheaper labor by filming in mexico . while the location gave a decidedly hispanic air to what was supposedly darkest africa  veteran director robert florey utilized the country extensively  incorporating cliff diving and an aztec temple into the story .  br    br   when a young island girl  tyrone power  s future bride  linda christian  is rescued in a jungle river by tarzan  he learns that a local high priest  george zucco  one of filmdom  s most enduring villains  had virtually enslaved the local population  threatening retribution from a living  god  if they don  t do his bidding . the girl had been chosen to become the  god  s  bride  so she fled . faster than you can say  is this a dumb plot or what    the girl is kidnapped by the priest  s henchmen and returned to the island  and tarzan  followed by jane  colorful spanish character  benjy   charmingly played by john laurenz  who sings several tunes   and a government commissioner are off to take on the deity and his priest  poor cheeta is left behind  . after a series of discoveries  the  god  is simply a con man in an aztec mask  working with the priest in milking the island  s rich pearl beds   a bit of brawling action  and comic relief and songs by benjy  everything reaches the expected happy conclusion .  br    br   remarkably  tarzan and the mermaids features a musical score by the brilliant film composer  dimitri tiomkin  and is far better than what you  d expect from this  b  movie   br    br   while the film would provide a less  than  auspicious end to weissmuller  s time in tarzan  s loincloth  he would immediately go on to play jungle jim  a more eloquent variation of the ape man  in khakis   the talent involved lifted the overall product at least a little above the total mess it could have been .  br    br   tarzan was about to get a make over  and become much sexier . . .  
