on the way back from imc   san jose  california   all five  mind you  three of us hardcore kamal fans  of us had reached a unanimous verdict vv was solid crap and thanks to the movie we were going to have a pretty screwed up monday . not to mention  we swore to stay off the theatres for the next year .  br    br   i won  t blame kamal here because he sort of dropped a hint in a recent interview with cartoonist madan  on vijay tv  . he said something like   tamizh cinema  la photography  editing  la namba munnera  na maadri screenplay  direction  acting  la innum namba munnera  la   tamil cinema has grown in terms of photography and editing  but we have hardly improved  when it comes to screenplay  direction and acting   . while you  re watching vv  those words ring very true .  br    br   now  here are the   reasons to hate this movie  br    br    . harris jeyaraj  br    br    . harris jeyaraj  br    br    . harris jeyaraj i  m barely holding myself from using expletives here  but fact is hj has mastered the fine knack of screwing up every recent movie of his  remember  anniyan    ghajini   with the jarring cacophony  he bills as background music . the next time i have an eardrum transplant  he  s paying for it .  br    br    . songs neither do the songs help move the movie  s narration spatially  temporally nor do they make you sit up and take notice . the film feels like it  s made of four very long songs with a few scenes thrown in between them .  br    br    . a short gone too far . vv at best is fit to be a short story  not a  hour plus  thriller  . to use a clich here  like the energizer bunny it goes on and on and on only in this case you don  t want it to . the later part of a movie feels like a big drag .  br    br    . kamal  jothika pairing two ice cubes rubbed together could  ve produced more sparks than this lead pairing . there  s no reason you would root for them to make it together . in fact every time they get together in the second half of the movie  they make a good irritant to the narration . hate to say this  but kamalini mukerjhee  s   minute romancing does more than what kamal and jothika achieve in this movie plus  thenali  .  br    br    . kamal haasan  s accent kamal has this pretentious accent that nobody speaks either in india or in the us and it isn  t new either . he  s been doing it since  thoongadae thambi thoongadae  . it  s simply gets on the nerve . imagine what havoc it can cause when his flair for using this strange accent meets shooting on location in the us . he doesn  t leave it at the immigration either  he offers doses of advice to his men  bewildered tn cops from keeranor  sathoor and beyond  in chaste kamanglish   wha we hav here is plain bad police wok    of course with nauseating effect .  br    br    . logic there are a few directors whom you expect to stand up to a certain scale . gautam fails us badly with some crappy performance in the department of common sense . which d . c . p in his senses would meet his love interest on the streets to discuss such matters as committing himself and life after  the scene inside the theatre was so bad  towards the climax we could hear people behind us loudly challenge the hero  s iq .  is he stupid  can  t he just use his siren or lights    on a busy madras road  kamal  the  cop  on  a  police  jeep chases a guy on a bike just like any ordinary dude   .  can  t he just use his gun     the guy on a bike  starts on foot and we have a fully geared kamal in hot pursuit for a considerable amount of time  . i  m not voting in favour of the later  but i  m just trying to explain the mood inside .  br    br    . gore  violence if i wanted to watch women being raped  their throats getting slashed  more women getting raped and thrown into the bushes with excruciating authenticity  i would sit at home and rather watch a  police report  or  kuttram  . the use of excessive violence should go in a way to extend the story  not overwhelm it  somewhere down the line gautum seems confused about what the extensions  rapes  murders  are and what the mainstay  story  is   br    br     . even a double shot espresso couldn  t get the pain out of the head .  
