some guy gets whacked . right out in plain sight this other guy shoots him . he  s got some bodyguards and they whack the killer  but a reporter gets interested . she goes to the hospital where they took the guy who got whacked . she walks in  and corners one bodyguard  but he doesn  t feel like talking . i can  t figure out why . it  s not like anyone else is interested . she  s the only reporter there . anyway  her editor discourages her from working on this lame story . but hey  she does anyway . she goes to see the killer  s sister  mom . a few minutes after she leaves they get whacked big time   somebody blows up their trailer   huge ball of fire . then she searches out the bodyguard from the hospital . she finds him hungover on his boat  but a minute later they  re both underwater sucking on a scuba tank  cause three guys are trying to whack them  and have blown up the boat big time   huge ball of fire  . the reporter and the bodyguard whack two of the guys who are trying to whack them .  br    br   in the course of the next hour another guy gets whacked crossing the street  there  s a shootout with several stiffs in a warehouse  some car chases with wreckage  death  a fake suicide  etc . etc . lotsa stiffs  all kindsa carnage .  br    br   great stuff  but what the reporter and the bodyguard can  t figure is why in hell the original guy got whacked . what  s the motivation  of course  it might help us to figure out why the reporter  s even interested . through almost all of this she  s the only reporter on the story . nobody else in the media cares . not even with all the big fireballs and dead bodies . true  the original guy who got whacked wasn  t exactly a celebrity . his job was a little bit dull . he was just the president . yeah  the one who lives in the white house . oh  and the bodyguard is a secret service agent .  br    br   is that the spoiler   br    br   it should be . after all there are no tv cameras  no other print reporters  no bloggers . . . just another one of those police blotter crimes . . .  br    br   so what  s the spoiler   br    br   lemme think . . .  br    br   no  wait  the spoiler is that his wife did it  yeah . . . the first lady . she was p    ed because the president was fooling around . and she gets away with it . she  s really sharp  huh  but how the hell could anybody ever figure that out  why would anyone bother  after all  only one reporter is even interested .  br    br   i give this move a    . it was so dumb i just had to keep watching . and it only got dumber  that  s the real spoiler  but even though i  ve told you  you  ve got to see it to believe it   
