my wife and i just finished this movie and i came onto to imdb to commiserate with the reviewers that found this movie less than satisfactory . however  of the   pages of reviews  only a handful are negative . i feel that this movie is a great concept gone horribly awry and i want to warn those who are looking to watch the movie into the future .  br    br   i admit  i  m more inspired to write reviews when i don  t like a movie than as to when i do  so my handful of reviews are all negative . still  that doesn  t mean i  m biased towards not enjoying a movie  but i often find more eloquent reviews of movies i do enjoy .  br    br   paris je t  aime is the most pretentious movie i  ve seen in years . by using an  intelligent  concept and attaching some big talent to a couple of the way to many short stories  the movie ends up the worst of all worlds . it is art for arts sake  but something that a  year old could dream up and accomplish . giving the director free reign of  minutes of screen time proves why there is a division of labor even in entertainment . directors can  t write  writers can  t direct .  i  d like to throw in also that clint eastwood is overrated  but that is because he  s an actor turn director which rarely works  either  .  br    br   what ends up on the screen is a garbled mess of short stories that don  t make any sense  are not completed in  minutes and in total  spoil paris to me . why call it paris je t  aime when a more apropos title is cluster fck  there are only a couple stories that are watchable  most notably the piece by alfonso cuarn  but everything else will fall into obscurity . the coen brothers short is passable  but can you name a movie of theirs that does not contain a scene with a pick guitar  it  s as if all the directors decided on doing whatever it is they want to do and chose paris as the place to do it . as we all love paris  present company included  we are blinded by the fact that this movie sucks . in fact  i think they put the directors names on each of the shorts because directors saw how poor of a film this is and decided to make sure they were blamed only for their  minutes . seriously . seriously .  br    br   people  natalie portman is not a good actress . she is is not a pixie dream girl waiting to be yours . and maggie gyllenhaal  why    are you people acting or just regurgitating performances from other movies  i  m looking at you natalie portman  garden state  closer   elijah wood  sin city  and catalina sandino moreno  maria full of grace  .  br    br   one final comment on the acting i give double kudos to nick nolte for acting and looking more humane than you have in ages or perhaps ever will again . find his short on youtube as his  minutes are quite enjoyable .  br    br   writing short stories is very difficult and only a handful of authors have gotten it right . i  m thinking of ernst hemingway  raymond carver  f . scott fitzgerald  and john cheever  just to name a few . it is much harder than writing a full novel and only the truly talented can accomplish this . the same can be said about short films . it appears that only one director will live on in the annals of history .  br    br   if you uphold paris as a gem to be discovered and reflected through your own lenses with your own story  then don  t expect to enjoy this movie at all . the directors either didn  t care or were lazy . in either scenario  by the time you are reading this it means you rented it . praise be that you didn  t pay   dollars a head in theaters for it .  
