poor ingrid suffered and suffered once she went off to italy  tired of the hollywood glamor treatment . first it was suffering the torments of a volcanic island in stromboli  an arty failure that would have killed the career of a less resilient actress . and now it  s europa    another tedious exercise in soggy sentiment .  br    br   nor does the story do much for alexander knox  in another thankless role as her long  suffering husband who tries to comfort her after the suicidal death of their young son . at least this one has better production values and a more coherent script than stromboli .  br    br   bergman is still attractive here  but moving toward a more matronly appearance as a rich society woman . she  s never able to cope over the sudden loss of her son  despite attempts by a kindly male friend .  sometimes i think i  m going out of my mind   she tells her husband . a portentous statement in a film that is totally without humor or grace  but it does give us a sense of where the story is going .  br    br   bergman is soon motivated to help the poor in post  war rome  but being a social worker with poor children doesn  t improve her emotional health and from thereon the plot takes a turn for the worse .  br    br   the film  s overall effect is that it  s not sufficiently interesting to make into a project for a major star like bergman . the film loses pace midway through the story as bergman becomes more and more distraught and her husband suspects that she  s two  timing him . the story goes downhill from there after she nurses a street  walker through her terminal illness . the final thread of plot has her husband needing to place her for observation in a mental asylum .  br    br   ingrid suffers nobly through it all  over  compensating for the loss of her son  but it  s no use . not one of her best flicks  to put it mildly .  br    br   trivia note if she wanted neo  realism with mental illness  she might have been better off accepting the lead in the snake pit when it was offered to her by director anatole litvak   it would have done more for her career than europa   .  br    br   summing up another bleak indiscretion of rossellini and bergman .  
