the darkling was a very interesting and entertaining film while f . murray abraham was in it . spoilers about halfway through  f . murray gets zapped  because the darkling is some kind of demon  like creature who enjoys living vicariously . he takes bums and losers and perverts them further while giving them all they want in terms of success . he feeds from their enjoyment of the seven deadly sins . however  part of it is that he needs to get people who may be flawed but not completely evil . otherwise he cannot  pervert  their natural goodness . that  s what the little guy said in his barry white voice  which i found both charming and amusing . mostly amusing . like imagine barry white if he were a little dwarf and he was telling aiden gillen  dee plane  dee plane  bos  here eet come  dee plane   all through the movie  dee dwarf  actually a robotronic cherub  talks to aiden gillen in the barry white voice  saying things like  it  s ok to be bad  you know you want it .   now you  ve committed murder  you  re really moving up in the world  and other remarks that sound like commercials for  being evil  stores or something . it really is hilarious in a sick way .  br    br   anyhow  aiden gillen is no f . murray abraham  and the movie tanks as soon as murray gets the axe  or knifed   . f . murray brings a certain happy malevolence to his role in this film . he is a good actor . aiden gillen on the other hand has a permanent happy smirk on his face  and he looks like maybe his remedial english comp . class had never hit the mythological characters and he could not imagine what the movie was about . the ending is really creepy and yet almost comical . if this movie were a parody  the ending was perfect . if it was not a parody  then it was creepy but a cheap use of a little girl to deliver a gross  out that the movie itself could not deliver . the people who made this movie lost whatever it was that they wanted to do with it somewhere before the ending . it just ends like they just realized that they had run out of money and had to film a quickie ending .  
