on the surface  this movie would appear to deal with the psychological process called individuation  that is how to become a true self by embracing the so  called  dark  side of human nature . thus  we have the darkling  a classic shadowy devilish creature desperately seeking the company  that is  recognition  of men  and the story revolves around the various ways in which this need is handled  more or less successfully .  br    br   however  if we dig a little deeper  we find that what this movie is actually about is how you should relate to your car like you would to any other person  in the opening scene  the main character  male car mechanic fallen from grace  is collecting bits and pieces from car wrecks with his daughter  when a car wreck nearly smashes the little girl . lesson    cars are persons embodied with immortal souls  and stealing from car wrecks is identical with grave robbery . the wicked have disturbed the dead and must be punished .  just after that  another character  rubin  buys a car wreck intending to repair it and sell it as a once  lost  now  found famous race  car and is warned by the salesman . lesson    just like any other person  a car has a unique identity that cannot be altered nor replaced . in addition  there is the twist that rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people would just think of as junk  but eventually that quality turns out to be a projection of rubin  s own personal greed for more profit . lesson    thou shalt never treat thy car as a means only  but always as an end in itself .  then we have the scene where the main character is introduced to rubin and  more importantly  rubin  s car the main character  s assessment of the car  s qualities is not just based on its outer appearance  but also by a thorough look inside the engine room . lesson    a car is not just to be judged by its looks  it is what is inside that really counts . there is punishment in store for those who do not keep this lesson in mind  as we see in the scene where another man tries to sell rubin a fake collector  s car . this scene by the way also underlines the importance of lesson   .  br    br   there are numerous other examples in the movie of the  carperson   theme  and i am too tired now to bother citing all of them  but the point remains  and i guess this is what i  m really trying to say  that this movie is fun to watch if you have absolutely nothing else to do  or  if you  re a car devotee .  
