dialogue stilted  clichd acting hammy  clichd plot predictable  clichd .  br    br   just what are christopher plummer nastassia kinski doing in this  b  rubbish  plummer was well established decades before this movie was made  kinski had masterpieces like  tess  and  cat people  behind her . . . must have been desperate .  br    br   the bad guys all have bad  guy accents  bad bad  guy accents   plummer especially  where did he learn to do  german    and most of them have bad  guy sneers as well . the innocent bystanders all overdo their panicking enough to make you laugh . the good guy survives  amongst other things  a   throwing knife buried hilt  deep in his shoulder  just pulls it out and seconds later is using the arm with no difficulty at all  marines  machine  gun fire  i think someone referred to a .    in the leg which he sorts out by tying a bandage around his pants leg and thereafter he barely has a limp  several fist  fights in which he sustains multiple punches to the face as well as being run cranium  first into a door frame  a fall  backwards  from what looks like the third floor  onto paving  without the slightest sign of a twisted ankle or any other such trifling inconvenience . the script has exactly  clever lines  the rest of the time it  s all so dull and boring .  br    br   ok it  s not all bad . plummer does bring a certain class to his part  and is undoubtedly the best actor in this flick . of course that doesn  t say much  but he can do the callous villain without resorting to the ham techniques most of the villains use here . he delivers his  ve haff vays and meance  type lines with some menace  but you are always aware you are watching christopher plummer acting the villain .  br    br   this movie is truly an awful waste of time . the acting  such as it is  is sort of    s    movies wooden line delivery meets bruce lee  s very obviously faked fight scenes  but it  s not even anywhere near as good as either a roger moore    or a bruce lee film . don  t bother .  
