spoilers slow as molasses mummy movie involving this expiation in the valley of the kings in egypt that has to be aborted in order to keep the native population  who are at the time revolting against british rule  from finding out about it .  br    br   given the task of getting to this archaeological dig by his superiors british capt . storm  mark dana  together with a couple of british soldiers and mrs . sylvia quentin  diane brewster  the wife of the head man at the dig robert quentin  george n . neise  make their way to the unearthed mummy  s tomb . on the way there capt . storm sylvia and his men run into this desert  like princess simira  ziva rodann .  br    br   simira seems to be superhuman in her ability to withstand the rigors of desert life  she doesn  t drink water or get tired  but also knows just what capt . storm  co . are looking for and warns him and his group to stay as far away from the dig  pharaoh  s ra ha tet tomb  as possible .  br    br   at ra ha tet  s burial chamber robert quentin and his crew of archeologist  s together with his egyptin guide simira  s brother numar  alvaro guillot  already opened his tomb before capt . storm can get there to stop them . quentin violated ra ha tet  s body by having dr . farrady  guy prescott  cut his bandages . this action on robert  s and dr . farrady  s part has numar faint dead in his tracks . it later turns out that numar somehow was possessed by ra ha tet  s spirit or soul who took over his body and caused him to age  at the rate of    years per hour  to become himself a      year  old mummy .  br    br   the movie has numar dressed in what looks like a pair of pajamas slinking around ra ha tet  s tomb and it  s surroundings attacking and sucking out the blood in order to survive  like a vampire  of anyone man or animal that he comes in contact with . this blood  sucking adventure by numar  with him later losing his right arm  goes on for some time until the by now crazed quentin trying to find the entrance  you in fact thought that he already found it  to ra ha tet  s tomb get  s himself killed is an indoor rock slide .  br    br   we learn at the end of the movie that numar  to absolutely no one  s surprise  is actually ra ha tet reincarnated into another  some      years later  person or life . numar  s sister the mysterious and sexy simira is not only ra ha tet  s sister  since him and numar are really one and the same person  but also the egyptian cat goddess babesti  also not that hard to figure out .  br    br   with numar  ra ha tet back in his tomb and all the deaths  due the the pharaoh  s curse  now at an end capt . storm sylvia and whatever is left of his men and the late robert quentin  s archaeological expedition trek their way back to cairo and modern  this in      civilization . the survivors of pharaoh ra ha tet curse keep what they found  and unearthed  only to themselves since no one would believe them anyway .  
