i  m starting to think that there  s a conspiracy  all right one that involves a wallop of money paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and film and art magazines to ensure that this or that film  despite its obscurity  will reach a higher status via a ratings point which will tag it with a  universal acclaim  or something within that range  thus ensuring unsuspecting folk  like me  will wander into theatres or rent the bloody thing  expecting a surprise  only to find myself racing to the bathroom to upchuck .  br    br   this movie is one of them . it has definitely make me bypass any and every posted article i come across because it  s rather clear that two things might have happened either i didn  t get the message that is so hidden beneath this film  s inner realms as to be impossible to access  or they and i watched two entirely different movies that happen to share the same name .  is a dirty trick on the audience . it  s no wonder that it appeared and disappeared faster than you can say  smorsgabord  and that despite the rating it got on metacritic  no one had heard of it . it  s terrible with sugar on top .  br    br   firstly  there is the ever  present number four from start to finish . while having a little symbolism here and there is okay  and it  s been done with various degrees of success in many well  known movies  this movie is panting with it . four dogs at the start of the movie  looking at the camera in a heretofore empty street when suddenly  machinery drops onto the foreground and proceeds to rip open the asphalt . four people in a bar  although one of them is a non  entity . three of them go their separate ways but are linked nevertheless  not only to each other but to what their lives are not . while this concept may work  the movie meanders so much   particularly with the story of the would  be model played by marina vovchenko which goes into the territory of the extremely bizarre  and not in a good way   that the initial theme gets lost in translation . or maybe  like i said before  i just  didn  t get it .  the problem also lies in that so much time is spent on marina  s story  which revolves on the death of her sister  from bread  chewing  no less  and the subsequent  shrill mourning which follows  that any interest in the inherent surrealism dissipates without a trace . so what if the same horrifying tales that the three strangers interchanged in a bar seem to have a truth of their own  the director doesn  t invest much time in truly tying them together  or weaving a tighter story that could  in a david lynchian way  intersect either with the past  present  or within alternate dimensions  or even as a straightforward  mundane science  fiction story . this is an uphill battle against an insurmountable wall that only a saint  or someone into the weird for weird  s sake  could endure .  
