i saw the film at the belgrade film festival last week  and i  m still working off the trauma . essentially my view seems to match a number of others  the first half hour was fresh  sharp  deep  entertaining and promising . well acted too . natural . my problem  however  is not simply with the fact that the final hour and a half of the film have nothing to do with the likable beginning  nor the fact that i spent most of this time convulsing in agony at sharp  grating industrial sounds and squinting at drunken  toothless  bread  chewing hags . it  s rather with the fact that they never warned me    the festival brochure synopsis described only the  utterly intriguing  sounding  first half hour  a whore  piano tuner and meat seller chat in a bar  pretending to be an advertising agent  genetic engineer  and petty government administration official  respectively  making no mention whatsoever of the never  ending gum  smacking to come . serves me right for not reading the reviews  you might say  but to my defense  a number of reviews i looked at post  fact um didn  t at all stress the immensity and utter unbearableness of the greater part of the film .  br    br   the first hint should have been the introductory words by the director  a bashful  tousle  haired russian youth  who stepped in front of the crammed auditorium  the film seems to be doing incredibly well critically  and tickets were sold out well in advance of the screening  though most of the audience seemed as unaware as i was of the pain to come  judging by the plethora of unearthly moans and groans that utterly permeated the theatre during the last half hour  and many exasperated comments on exit  to say the following  well  i . . . um  thank you very much for coming to see this film  and i just wanted to say . . . well  it  s a very long film . . . it took me four years to make it  and . . . it  s . . i suggest that you see it and immediately try to forget about it . it is very long . thank you for coming .  this is what he said . alarm bells should have been ringing .  what  s he talking about   i thought in happy confusion .  this is gonna be fun   of course  by the time his strangely apologetic comments started making sense to me  it was far too late to get out . all i could do is writhe in increasing agony until the lights came on again . and in the end i can  t say i feel in any way improved by the experience . yes  i absolutely loved the first half hour . it was intelligent  new  and had a lot to say . and yes  russia is probably in a bad state . yes  every society has many hidden faces . yes  toothless life in barren wastelands is probably unimaginably hard . yes yes yes . i get all of this . really i do . but i see no earthly reason why art and meaning should be so agonisingly drawn out  and so painful to bear . if you want to see a film land somewhere between the extremes of glitzy hollywood plastic fantastic and hours of muddy vodka swigging  try the korean  chinese bin jip    iron  . it  s artsy and surprising  but also to  the  point and fun .  
