mabel at the wheel is one of those movies with a behind  the  scenes story that  s more interesting than the movie itself . this was chaplin  s tenth comedy for keystone during his year of apprenticeship  and his first two  reeler . here he played one of his last out  and  out villain roles  although the feature  length tillie  s punctured romance was yet to come   and it also marked one of the last times he would work for a director other than himself . in fact  chaplin  s conflicts with director and co  star mabel normand almost got him fired from the studio .  br    br   chaplin hadn  t gotten along with his earlier directors  henry lehrman and george nichols  but according to his autobiography having to take direction from a mere  girl  was the last straw . charlie and mabel argued bitterly during the making of this film . chaplin was still a newcomer at keystone and his colleagues didn  t know what to make of him  but everyone loved mabel . producer mack sennett was on the verge of firing chaplin when he learned that the newcomer  s films were catching on and exhibitors wanted more of them a . s . a . p .  so chaplin was promised the chance to direct himself in return for finishing this movie the way mabel wanted it .  br    br   unfortunately  none of that drama is visible on screen in mabel at the wheel  which looks like typical keystone chaos . the story concerns an auto race in which mabel  s beau  harry mccoy  is scheduled to compete  but wicked charlie and his henchmen abduct the lad  and mabel must take the wheel in his place . for all the racing around  brick hurling and finger  biting the film is frankly short on laughs  but there are a few points of interest . there  s some good cinematography and editing in the race sequence  though there aren  t really any gags  just lots of frantic activity . chaplin himself looks odd  sporting a goat  like beard on his chin and wearing the top hat and frock coat he wore in his very first film appearance  making a living  but the outfit suits the old  fashioned villainy he displays throughout . at least it  s novel to watch him play such an uncharacteristic role . visible in the stands at the race track are such keystone stalwarts as chester conklin  edgar kennedy in a strangely dandified get  up  and a more characteristic mack sennett  spitting tobacco and doing his usual mindless rube routine . as a performer  sennett was about as subtle as the movies he produced  but you have to give the guy credit he knew what people liked . these films were hugely popular in their day . mack  s performance doesn  t add much to mabel at the wheel  but he probably had to be on hand for the filming of this one to make sure his stars didn  t kill each other .  
