after perusing the large amount of comments on this movie it is clear that there are two kinds of science fiction movie  goers . there are the ones who are well read  extremely literate  and intelligent . they know the history of the genre and more importantly they know to what heights it can reach in the hands of a gifted author . for many years science fiction languished in the basement of literature . considered my most critic to be little more than stories of ray guns and aliens meant for pre  pubescent teenagers . today  s well read fan knows well this history  and knows the great authors asimov  heinlein  bradbury  and ellison  who helped bring science fiction out of that basement . in doing so they created thought provoking  intelligent stories that stretched the boundaries and redefined the human condition . this well informed fans are critical of anything hollywood throws at them . they are not critical for it  s own sake  but look upon each offering with a skeptical eye .  as they should as hollywood  s record has been less than stellar .  to these fans the story must take supreme importance . they cannot be fooled by flashy computer graphics  and non stop action sequences . when the emperor has no clothes they scream it the loudest .  br    br   the second type of science fiction movie goer has little knowledge about the written aspect of the genre .  look at many of the above comments that state  well i haven  t read the book or anything by this author . . .  their total exposure to science fiction is from movies or the scifi channel . they are extremely uncritical  willing to overlook huge plot holes  weak premises  and thin story lines if they are given a healthy dose of wiz bang action and awesome special effects . they are  in effect  willing to turn off their critical thinking skills  or maybe they never had them   for the duration of the movie . case in point  i robot . while supposedly based on asimov  s short stories and named after one of his novels  it contains little of what asimov wrote and even less of what he tried to tell us about humanity and our robotic creations .  those of you that will run out and buy i  robot will be very much surprised  this movie isn  t even based on that story at all    br    br   the film has enormous plot holes  that at some points are stretched to the limits of credulity . i won  t point them out . i won  t spoon feed you . you need to practice you thinking skills and discover them for yourself . the characters  which are named after many of asimov  s characters  do not possess the critical intelligence that was a hallmark of his stories . the plot itself with all it  s action sequences goes against everything that the author stood for . his belief that humanity possesses the capacity to solve problems using their minds  not their fists  is vital to understanding his vision of the future . in short  other than the name  their is very little of isaac in anything about this movie . there will always be those uncritical  i . e . unthinking  who will state  the movie doesn  t have to be like the book . due to the medium  movies sometimes require that changes be made .  but what about a case where the movie never even tried to stay close to the book  or books  from the start  what if all they took from the written work was the title  this begs the question why tarnish a great body of work by slapping it  s title on your vacuous piece of crap  save money and don  t buy the rights to the works . title it something else . don  t use the character  s names . believe me no one will accuse you of plagiarism . in fact it won  t matter what you title it to the unread moviegoer who accepts everything you throw at him . but it will upset those who read  who think  who are unwilling to simply let you give them a pretty light show .  br    br   i  robot  like much of hollywood  s take on the genre  pushes science fiction back down into that basement it lived in years ago . hollywood could not do this alone . it takes an uncritical mindless audience that will accept puerile dredge like this .  
