a splendid example of how hollywood could  and still can  take a masterpiece of literary fiction and stupidly foul it up .  br    br   in the case of  the big sky   writer dudley nichols and company arrogantly assumed they could improve upon a classic pioneer novel by the pulitzer prize  winning author  a . b . guthrie . in so doing  they removed the soul of the story and any edge and impact it may have had as a film adaptation .  br    br   the epic nature of guthrie  s book and the evolution of its main character  boone caudill  from a naive  kentucky lad into a hardened and competent survivor  mountain man  has been replaced with a downscaled riverboat farce that bears little resemblance to the author  s intent . in the movie version  boone  s presence is nothing except underwhelming .  br    br   intriguing and even shocking plot elements that give guthrie  s novel impact and excitement have been removed for no apparent reason whatsoever . most puzzling of all is the emphasis placed upon the zeb calloway character  who was an incidental  minor character in the book  only occupying a handful of pages . on the other hand  a very important and fascinating character  dick summers  the veteran pioneer  is missing altogether    it is also apparent that director hawks decided the zeb character in the movie  played by actor hunnicutt  wasn  t irritating enough . so zeb  hunnicutt was given a significant amount of time doing that obnoxious  voice  over narration that is the hollywood short cut for incompetent screen writing  editing  and direction .  br    br   some movies have actually improved upon the books upon which they were based  william wyler  s  ben  hur  is an excellent example  . but this is horrible and depressing not only as an adaptation of a novel but as a film unto itself .  br    br   the story is dull and clichd  and the characters  at least the ones that have not been edited out of the script  are just shallow and boring shadows of guthrie  s literary vision . and unfortunately  kirk douglas  star appeal  which could have helped lift this film  was scuttled by the milktoast role he was given .  br    br   if you can believe it  the film version of guthrie  s pulitzer prize  winning sequel   the way west   also starring kirk  is even worse .  br    br   in my opinion   the big sky  further solidifies howard hawks  place as one of the most overrated  tepid directors in the history of cinema .  
