yes  kazaam is one of those horribly bad movies that almost reminds one of everything that is wrong with not just kids movies  but with humanity . here we have shaq as a rapping genie  yes  a rapping genie  where he does everything from making bad puns to dressing in ridiculous outfits  all ending in him in a christ  like pose with lots of light surrounding him . so  yeah  expect really cheesy bits  including the first wish being a lot of junk food falling down from the sky  and  regrettably  not knocking out the two main characters  particularly the kid  . what might not be expected is that a film with a kid and shaquille o  neill would be so incredibly schmaltzy  the main plot of the film involves this kid  played in that all  too  typical and annoying  kid fashion by the great  grandson of frank capra  where in which the kid is yelling out his dialog angrily   who comes upon a genie who  s been trapped in a boom  box . then  hiarity ensues  as the kid makes the shaq  genie his quasi  slave as he waits on his last two wishes as he tries to make amends with his shady  gang  type absentee father .  br    br   this really sappy  contrived son and father story would be bad enough  as there are certain lines that have been uttered in a million other movies  i . e . the  two chances in life  speech from father to son  . but it  s shaquille o  neill who is both the reason to watch the film  ironically   and the obvious sinking crux of it all . his plot line involves him  when not getting the over  talky treatment from capra  to rap within the dialog and also start off his blossoming recording career . on top of this  he also kicks ass and takes names with the main bad guys who want him back in the boom  box . so is there a camp factor to the movie  up to a point  but this is even squashed by all of the mushy scenes and  heart  felt  moments that have really no business with the rest of the material . one might ask if the people making the movie  who were obviously doing it at the behest of the popularity of a basketball player who wanted to go on the michael jordan acting bandwagon  if it would be anywhere near decently entertaining or convincing . i  d hope that they too knew they were just getting paid . but i  d hope even more that they felt at least a little guilty afterwords for feeding the shaq  machine .  br    br   so  if you want to have a fun night of shaq as genie  turned  rapper  turned  wisecracker  all the more fun to you . hell  it might even be interesting to have a shaq movie night with this and his other critically acclaimed effort steel . but if you  re hoping to keep a few brain cells  stay away from what is very likely the worst flick of      and a candidate among many others for worst of the    s .  
