i don  t like using the word  awful  to describe any work of the cinema for which a great deal of time  effort  talent and money is spent in its creation but zefferelli  s attempt to adapt charlotte bront  s novel  jane eyre  is a total waste of time .  br    br   the script is lacking in finesse and power  everything explained to the viewer in no uncertain terms  leaving little to the imagination . the lead actors are woefully miscast  clearly hired for their star names  and the musical score drippy and dull . charlotte gainsbourg and william hurt have absolutely no chemistry with one another at all . she is like a wet noodle  worse even than joan fontaine  who at least was capable of some modicum of emotional involvement in what should be a story of frustrated passion . and william hurt acts the entire film on one tone and that tone is flat and devoid of energy . of course the limp and vapid script does not aid any of these otherwise fine actors in their efforts to bring any whiff of life to this flick .  br    br   joan plowright  s mrs fairfax is like some disney creation who keeps popping up to sweeten scenes in which she would have been best left out .  br    br   there is no mystery surrounding the story of rochester  s first wife . the role of the would  be second wife  played like a barbie doll by elle macphearson  is an empty cipher .  br    br   fiona shaw  a very great actress  is completely wasted as jane  s aunt  mrs reed . she would have been better  cast as mrs fairfax . only amanda root  as jane  s beloved school teacher  evokes any authentic sympathy or believability .  br    br   i saw this version of  jane eyre  after viewing robert young  s for british television  made in      starring ciaran hinds  samantha morgan and gemma jones . there is no comparison . young  s vital  romantic and deeply moving version is like an exploding nova compared to zefferelli  s wet squib .  br    br   i will be interested now to see the     version with timothy dalton  about which i  ve read some very good things on this web  site . i am amazed at how many people liked zefferelli  s yorkshire picture book .  br    br   about all i can say good about this film is that the house is beautiful and the cinematography vividly colored  beyond that it is a complete dud .  
