sadly  this is not  the best british gore film since hellraiser   though the dvd cover claims this  which is what tricked me into buying it . it is  however  an homage to many of the great horrors of old  films from most notably the amicus stable .  br    br   cradle . . . is shot on mini dv  which though we all know has more of a tv feel than a movie  can be done so much better . every scene  set and shot looks like it has been lit in exactly the same way  standard key  fill  rear setup   which only enhances the cheap look of the finished piece . the gore content is  quite frankly  laughable . from the opening shots where we see a man  s obviously foam rubber head torn apart  through to tacky cheap prop hammers  the creature effects and the terrible cg  there was nothing in there that impressed me at all .  br    br   the acting is abominable  from the near  comatose detective to the brummie dwarf  via dani filth  the least convincing horror movie bad guy i have ever witnessed . each of the substories is more formulaic than the last  and the sets get worse and worse as the movie runs . look out for the  mental asylum   a georgian semi detached house with a bad cg sign outside  and the most bizarre  and not in a good way  padded cell i have seen .  br    br   it took me four attempts to get to the end of the film without my attention wandering  nay  running  away at any available opportunity . i actually found myself dusting at one point while the film was running .  br    br   it does  however  mark one of the last known appearances of emily booth  s breasts  which i guess is one  um  two  things it has going for it . once that  s out of the way though  it is all downhill .  br    br   i  ve heard people say good things about alex chandon  and i would love to believe them  but on this evidence i  m not likely to . if you want a decent homage to amicus  avoid this and go for the league of gentlemen christmas special instead .  br    br   currently battling it out with blair witch   book of shadows for the title of worst film i have ever seen .  
