noting the cast  i recently watched this movie on tcm  hoping for an under  appreciated gem  as i regard many films from the    s . this is no gem  not even semi  precious . the anachronistic clothing and      s rolls royce limo hit you immediately . the casting is strange  also . but mostly  there are too many dumb and unnecessary plot devices . this film has lots of good ingredients and a basic plot that holds promise  but the components aren  t mixed according to the right recipe . it simply doesn  t come together like it should . and that  s a shame . with a few rather obvious  but minor alterations  this might have been a very good movie .  br    br   the film is about an american showgirl  jean harlow  seeking a rich british husband  preferably from the nobility . she meets franchot tone and his buddy  who are on a lark in a rolls royce owned by his buddy  s employer . harlow mistakenly assumes tone is the lord who owns the rolls  and she sets her sights on him . this early part of the film is a light comedy of no real distinction .  br    br   however  tone unwittingly uncovers the fact that his employer is actually a german  th columnist on the eve of wwi  and that is when the movie changes tone altogether and begins to fall apart . tone and harlow are married  but just as the honeymoon begins  he is gunned down by a mata hari  type  benita hume   and harlow flees the scene  with a bystander accusing her of tone  s murder .  in fact  tone recovers from the wounds .   br    br   harlow flees to france  where she falls in love again  this time with a wealthy french cad  cary grant  . tone  now in the army  and harlow are unexpectedly brought back together in grant  s hospital room where he is in rehab from a plane crash . in the following scene  tone accuses harlow of abandoning him because she is essentially a gold  digger . harlow never explains about the witness  accusing her of murder and her panic  that is one of those unreal  movie  plot  device break  downs in the story .  br    br   then tone is also brought back into contact with the woman  hume  who shot him . she is on hand to watch her paramour  grant  test the new plane that tone has delivered to him from england . incredibly  both hume and tone dimly recognize each other  but simply can  t place where from  okay  so tone was shot and almost died perhaps his memory is a little out of whack . but how many men did hume shoot that she would forget one of her marks   she does not seem to be faking the memory lapse .   br    br   this is inexplicable and unnecessary . hume should have absolutely recognized him  but played it coy when she realized that tone wasn  t able to place her . that would have been a much better treatment of that issue .  br    br   the finale also is very unsatisfying . the movie  as made  has tone and harlow conspiring to preserve the good reputation of the cad  grant  leading to his fraudulent burial as a hero . then harlow and tone just walk away . it is noble to preserve the french public  s perception of their national war hero  but very unsatisfying as a love story   br    br   what the film begs for is this harlow explains that she fled in a panic in the face of accusations of murder tone forgives her and quietly rekindles his love for her he then carries a torch for her  even while helping her to rig the crash site to preserve grant  s reputation . meanwhile  harlow finally recognizes grant for the cad he is . then having seen tone for the brave and noble man he is  harlow rekindles feelings for him  too . at film  s end  the two of them become reconciled even as they work together to rig the appearance of grant  s death . after grant  s hero  s burial  we see them embrace and kiss at the fade  out . that would have made a nice little movie . for cary grant fans  it would have been even better had tone played the french cad who is killed and grant the long  suffering first husband  reunited with harlow .  br    br   it is incomprehensible that franchot tone is cast as the irishman living in england  while cary grant is cast as the frenchman . this movie would have been much better had they reversed roles . that also would have been more conducive to the film that should have been . . .  
