 . . . and you can look at that statement in different ways  by the way . first of all  it  s a mess because of all the gruesome and extremely violent scenes . your wildest imagination doesn  t even come close to some of the explicitly shown scenes here . entire parts of this movie are just plain sick  disgusting  offensive  brutal and they bring you close to puking your guts out . now  i love horror movies and i am very  pro  violence   but i do think that it has to lead somewhere   is that too much to ask  cradle of fear is just a series of utterly sick and twisted thoughts . the  movie  contains out of four separate chapters connected by a wraparound story . this results in endless showing of torture  murder and sickness only to find out that the victims have something in common . not very informative  if you ask me . and yet  it has to be said  the basic plot idea surely has potential . it  s about a cannibalistic hypnotist who made a deal with the devil himself to avenge himself and cause misery and death to everyone who was involved in his trial . personally  i think that is an interesting topic  so they should have focused on that a little more instead of wanting to create the most disgusting movie ever .  br    br   secondly  the whole production of this movie was a mess . they didn  t have much of a budget and they spent it all on fake blood and guts . . . tons of it   the acting performances are a joke and some of the worst i  ve ever seen . any other special effects besides the make  up looks very amateurish  like that attempt to a realistic car crash  for example  . there  s no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere . . . not even an attempt to build up one .  br    br   cradle of fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least . with the presence of death  metal icon danni filth  from the band cradle of filth . . get the link   this movie is obviously only meant for the eyes of twisted teenagers who try to be controversial . troubled girls and boys who take pleasure in worrying their parents by watching crap like this . and then people keep complaining that the amount of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing . . . bah . i can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you  re easily influenced or dispose of an unstable mind . for every self  respecting horror fan  this movie is an insult .  
