by all accounts  this could have been an interesting film . featuring a score by the mighty cradle of filth  starring their frontman dani and being hyped up as  the future of british horror   i expected alex chandon  s gore fest to live up to the hype .  br    br   i was wrong .  br    br   everything about this film is either cliche or inept . the short story anthology setup was done to death  and much better  in the seventies and eighties . admittedly  the idea of  the sick room  did send a chill down my spine  but as with most of the film was let down by bad script writing and acting .  br    br   chandon cannot write dialogue . every sentence with the main police investigator is brim full with swearing and insolence  the typical  cop on the edge  formula . funny  i  m sure i  ve seen that somewhere else before . . .  no chandon  you are not tarantino . or scorsese . it sounds bad . add ludicrously ott acting with very dodgy casting  don  t get me wrong  dani filth is a great singer and musician  but actor he ain  t  and the performances are beyond laughable to the vein burstingly cringing . give me bruce campbell any day .  br    br   the visual effects are on the whole poor  with some atrocious cgi  awful gore effects  for goodness sakes  peter jackson did better and that was over ten years ago with less budget  and editing filters that shriek over  use  as for the often mistimed use of cradle of filth  s score . . . man  they should sue .  br    br   the fundamental problem with cradle of fear is that it takes itself seriously  trying to build atmosphere and incite terror and repulsion within its audience . too many good horror films made in the seventies and eighties do this so much better with far superior gore effects  eg maniac  zombie flesh eaters  the beyond  suspiria etc   rendering cradle of fear  in my mind  second  rate and obsolete .  br    br   i hope chandon can learn from this hideous ghoul of a film and go on to make some quality horror that actually scares .  br    br   better luck next time .  
