this sure is one comedy i  m not likely to forget for a while .  br    br   wouldn  t normally bother to comment on this movie it  s so minor that no one would watch it anyway  but as it happens  it  s kind of popular in p  p sharing networks such as kazaa  and so this saaad production needs to be exposed for what it is .  br    br   so what is it then  well  of course it  s not really a comedy instead  it  s intended as a horror flick    intended  very much being the key word here . the script is a totally incoherent and unbalanced mess  the special effects are only special in that they  re especially pathetic  and as for the acting  well  let  s just say that if this had been my graduating play at primary school  my teachers would have burst out crying at our talent .  br    br   of course i realise that this is a very low budget film and that in those cases one should lower one  s expectations  certainly as far as things like special effects are concerned . also  even though i  m a big fan of the horror genre  i  m aware that these movies are only rarely the places to look for interesting scripts and top notch acting .  br    br   but still .  br    br   b  movies often have some redeeming features to make up for the lack of funding  such as humour . the only laughs in cradle to fear lie in the ridiculous performances . if you can find the humour in that   and i could for the first   minutes or so  gradually dozing off after that   then that  s going to be the only thing the movie has to offer . oh  that and two or three pairs of breasts .  br    br   woohoo  how exciting .  br    br   as for the story  it  s not even that it doesn  t try to convey anything the victims either use drugs and  or are involved in serious crime . the lesson watch out  naughty boys and girls  because one day you  ll be made to pay for what you  ve done .  br    br   i rest my case .  br    br   so  all in all  a little bit of sex  a fair amount of drugs  but absolutely zero rock  n roll .  br    br   i rate this one  out of    but would go to  if i could . or perhaps i wouldn  t it deserves a  for spelling the actors  names correctly in the titles . i mean  that  s something  innit   
