did anyone who was making this movie  particularly the director  spare a thought for the logic of the story  line  these are not mere plot  holes  but plot graves  that become ever deeper as we lose any sympathy for the main character and his plight . that is  if you are kind enough a viewer to valiantly ignore the fact for most of the movie that the characters are either servants to the grave  hole plot  or boring and unlikeable . or  in the case of downey  s  hannah  s characters  apparently superfluous . in pondering the reason for existence of downey  s character  s significant screen  time in the movie  i decided that either the director had liked his character and unnecessarily increased his screen  time  unlikley  as the director didn  t change anything else about the script he actually needed to  or that his character was going to be sacrificed on the altar of bad plotting . i  ll leave you to guess which one it was to be .  br    br   i had to keep checking the cover of the dvd to confirm that this really was made by credible talents . i cannot understand why robert altman would take this job . surely he has some power to pick and chose . actually  i can  t understand why anyone would take this script on  except a first  time director looking for the experience .  br    br   i suppose robert downey jr . needed the money for his habit . i suppose kenneth branagh wanted to try a southern accent . i suppose robert duvall was only given a few pages of the script and thought the role in isolation sounded intriguing . these are the only motivations i can see that would coerce good actors to take on roles in this movie . as for robert altman  plenty of effort has gone in on his part to making the movie look fantastic . i found myself noticing how he had framed such and such a scene  or used the bright orange float vests in another scene to draw the eye  s movements  or imposed a beautiful filter to create a particular mood . i do not typically notice such things in movies  since most movies i bother to watch to the end actually engage me for reasons of good story  telling and interesting characters with understandable motives . i watched this to the end only because some ridiculous element of optimism in myself kept looking at that dvd cover and being convinced that  due to the talent involved  there had to be some redeeming factor in this movie .  br    br   nice direction . but that  s not why i watch movies .  
