in spite of its impressive cast and crew pedigree gingerbread man crumbles early and often . the plot is unrealistically convoluted  the actors sport bad accents and director robert altman  s participation amounts to collecting a pay check . once again he has assembled an impressive cast  like woody allen  everyone wants to work with altman  that this time around to the letter is miscast . but that  s only part of the problem .  br    br   kenneth branagh is rick magruder a high powered georgia lawyer who in the film  s heavy handed opening scenes manages to get himself preposterously seduced by a mysterious catering company waitress who convinces him she is in grave danger from an ex  husband and a loony dad . with red flags everywhere the astute lawyer plods on even managing to get his children in harms way . fights of gun and fist follow along with a requisite car chase and if that  s not enough there  s a hurricane thrown in for the ridiculous finale .  br    br   branagh plays macgruder with a mealy and unconvincing southern accent . running around in a trench coat in all kinds of weather he  s blind to the obvious in order to keep the story going . hipster bob downey jr . is every bit as bad as a p . i . but with a little more emphasis on the bad accent . robert duvall as the old man is boo radely all growed up en crazier than a bed bug serving some thick slices of ham but at least his twang is plausible . the female leads  embeth davidtz  darryl hannah  famkhee jansen  are lean leggy and unemotive . even the celebrity lawyers doing cameos  vernon jordan  are wooden with the few throw away lines they have .  br    br   in addition to paying little attention to his actors  altman  s mise en scene dripping with spanish moss is murky and shapeless  his action scenes comic book . it lacks his offbeat touches and observations  he does inform the viewer that the stars and bars still wave in georgia  that make a well done altman so unique . unfortunately  gingerbread man is altman at his worst  even if the pay is the same .  
