i had read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel . . . so invariably my expectations were crushed . but they were crushed more than should be expected . the movie would have been a decent movie if i had not read the novel beforehand  which perhaps ruined it for me .  br    br   in any event  for some reason they changed the labor camp at toulon to a ship full of galley slaves . the scene at bishop myriel  s was fine . in fact  other than the galleys  things survived up until the dismissal of fantine . because we do not want to have bad things happen to a good woman  she does not cut her hair  sell her teeth  or become a prostitute . the worst she does is run into the mayor  s office and spit on his face . bamatabois is entirely eliminated . because having children out of wedlock should also not be talked about  tholomyes is fantine  s dead husband  rather than an irresponsible dandy . valjean is able to fetch cosette for fantine before the champmathieu affair  so they reunite happily  yet another change . then comes the convent  which is a pretty difficult scene to screw up . thankfully  it was saved . after this three minutes of accuracy  however  the movie again begins to hurtle towards classic novel butchering .  br    br   as cosette and valjean are riding through the park  they come across marius giving a speech at a meeting . about prison reform . when he comes to hand out fliers to valjean and cosette  he says the one line in the movie that set me screaming at the tv set .  we aren  t revolutionaries .  i could hear victor hugo thrashing in his grave . of course they are revolutionaries  they want to revolt against the pseudo  monarchy that is in place in favor of another republic  you dumb screenwriters  it  s a historical fact that there was an insurrection against the government in     .  br    br   at one point cosette goes to give marius a donation from her father for the reform movement and meets eponine . except . . . not eponine . or at least not the eponine of the book . this eponine appears to be a well  to  do secretary girl working for the prison reformers  who are working out of the cafe universal as opposed to the cafe musain  . not to mention the audience is already made to dislike her thanks to her not  period  low  cut  tight  fitting dress and her snooty mannerisms .  br    br   the prison reformers  lead by the most poorly cast enjolras that i have ever seen  decide that handing out pamphlets isn  t good enough anymore . so they  re going to build barricades . i don  t know about you  but i have never heard of reform movements tearing up the streets and building barricades and attacking government troops . about three hundred people  it was not supposed to be so many  start attacking the national guard and building a bunch of barricades  etc . eponine does die for marius  thankfully .  br    br   the rest of the movie is sort of accurate  except that javert  s suicide again seems hard to understand thanks to his minuscule screen time and odd character interpretation . the movie ends with valjean watching javert jump into the river . this is again inaccurate because valjean would never have let javert drown . he saved the man  s life earlier  why let him die now  then there  s the whole skipping of valjean  s confession to marius  his deterioration  and his redemption on his deathbed with marius and cosette by his side .  br    br   overall  i can blame the script mostly for the problems . while i am glad enjolras and eponine were at least present in the film  they were terribly misinterpreted  as was the entire barricade scene . the elimination of fantine  s suffering prevents us from feeling too much pity for her . that cosette knows valjean  s past from the start messes with the plot a good deal . i did not even see thenardier  and mme . thenardier only had a few seconds of screen time . the same with gavroche . i did like frederich march  s interpretation of valjean a lot  however  which was one of the redeeming features of the movie . on the other hand  charles laughton  for all his great acting in other movies  seems to have missed the mark with javert . the lip tremble  the unnecessary shouting  and his acting in general all just felt very wrong . he also  like many javerts i have seen  did not appear at all menacing  something required of the character .  br    br   again  this film would probably feel much better if i had not read the book . i would not recommend it to book purists  though . i would also say that the movie would have been a good adaptation for the time had not the infamously accurate french version come out the year before .  
