when it comes to movies i can be pretty picky  and i  ll complain about anything and everything that is done wrong . while every movie has its flaws  the night listener had an exceptionally low count .  br    br   if you read the last review  it was hard  since half of it was written in caps and it contained no actual information about the movie   you may have been led to believe that this movie was not too well done . unfortunately  if you read more than  lines into that same review  you discovered the poster  s reason for disdain he  she does not like the fact that the director is gay  or that the production team smokes crack . . . apparently  .  br    br   so  despite the fact that i have never written a review before  i thought this movie deserved one based on its merits  not the sexual orientation of its director . let  s go over a quick checklist first  . great plot  absolutely . i won  t give a shred of it away  but the plot is highly compelling and definitely not what one would expect based on the commercials . this is a thriller  not a horror  and it should be approached as such . the story really will amaze you  even more so because it  s true  and the plot did stay quite faithful to the actual events  .  br    br    . wonderful acting  oh yes . robin williams long ago broke free from the chains of the comedy type  cast  and he has since flourished in serious roles for which many people would have wrote him off just a decade ago . he once again achieves high form in his role in the night listener  playing a radio host who becomes increasingly troubled by and entangled in a case of . . . well  i  ll let you see for yourself .  br    br    . excellent direction  certainly . now  unlike the other poster to which i referred  i actually know something about direction . i  ve been sutdying the art of direction at school now for  years . of course i really don  t think that makes a lick of difference  the only thing that matters is if you like the direction   but i thought i should simply establish once again that i  m basing my opinions here on something both substantial and relevant . . . for example not the sexual orientation of the director  or the alleged drug habits of the production team  lol  .  br    br   patrick stettner  s direction was moody and dark  and he allowed the angles and lighting to help create those so  sought  after feelings of  tension and release  rather than the messy  fast  paced camera  work and quick cuts we  re so often subjected to today . some people can truly show you a story through their camera  while other  s feel as if they have to make the story with the camera . i really appreciate when someone these days has the courage to just use the camera as its supposed to be utilized  which is as an eyeball through which we all see .  br    br    . lighting  cinematography  and editing  great all around . i  ve already wrote so much  and i could go on about these last three things for another ten paragraphs  so i  ll just wrap it up .  br    br   in short  go see this movie . don  t listen to people who have alterior motives for trashing it  especially if they  re so stupid that they unknowingly reveal that motive    of the way through their post . enjoy the show   ben  
