what  s inexplicable  firstly  the hatred towards this movie . it may not be the greatest movie of all time  but gimme a break  it got   oscars for a reason  it made eighteen hundred million dollars for a reason . it  s a damn good movie . which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it . i have no idea whatsoever why this movie left such an impression on me when i saw it in theaters . i  ve rewatched it on tv and video  and it had none of the impact it had when i saw it on the big screen  twice  or maybe three times  actually  . but that might be it  the appeal of it . it  s a movie  yes  capital m there  it  s an epic  it  s a spectacle in the order of gone with the wind or ben hur . now  ben hur and gone with the wind seem kinda hokey to me  with the hammy acting and excessive melodrama . not that titanic has none of that . well  the acting was actually very good . the melodrama was quite heavy  handed at times .  br    br   but the reason titanic works is that it  s such an emotional ride . i usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind  or give me a visual thrill . this movie isn  t exactly dumb  but it  s not cerebral at all . the visual thrills are simply means to an end  to fuel the emotions of the audience . i didn  t cry when bambi  s mom died  i don  t react to tearjerkers . but this is a tearjerker to the power of ten million  an emotional rollercoaster that  if it were a regular one  would make buzz aldrin scream like a little girl . and i  m sure that if you see it on video and have decided that you hate it  and have a ready supply of cynicism  then you can thoroughly dislike this movie . but if you let that disbelief suspend just a bit  if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt  you  ll enjoy it completely . and look at the top ten grossing films of all time . is a single one of them bad  is a single one of them worth a score of  out of    no  not even the phantom menace . and this movie made  .  billion dollars worldwide . it can  t be bad . not possible .      .  br    br   p . s . how can anyone even consider comparing this to spiderman  spiderman was a fun movie  but it was a total     kneejerk that caused it to gross as much as it did . it simply wasn  t anything all that special . no one will remember it in   years . but i  m pretty sure titanic will be remembered .  
