james cameron  s  titanic  is essentially a romantic adventure with visual grandeur and magnificence  a timeless tragic love story set against the background of this major historical event . . . it  s an astonishing movie that exemplifies hope  love and humanity . . .  br    br   leonardo dicaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma . . . conveying passion  trust  insouciance and ingenuity  he  s a free  spirited wanderer with artistic pretensions  and a zest for life . . .  br    br   kate winslet is absolutely lovely as the confused upper  class teen engaged to a nasty rich guy who finds herself  one night  plunged to the depths of despair . . .  br    br   billy zane is an arrogant racist  abusive and ultra rich who would lie  cheat  steal  bribe with money or even use an innocent young child to escape defeat . . . he keeps a   carat blue diamond worn by louis xvi . . .  br    br   kathy bates is the legendary unsinkable molly brown  the richest woman in denver  who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on the ship . . .  br    br   frances fisheris is the impecunious cold snobbish mother who  deathly afraid of losing her social stature  forces her daughter to become engaged to marry a rich  supercilious snob . . .  br    br   victor garber is the master shipbuilder  the real  life character who attempts to fix time  to measure it  in a sense  to make it into history . . .  br    br   jonathan hyde is the white star chairman who wants the titanic to break the trans  atlantic speed record  in spite of warnings that icebergs may have floated into the hazardous northern crossing . . .  br    br   bill paxton is the opportunistic undersea explorer in search for a very rare diamond called the  heart of the ocean .   br    br   gloria stuart is the     year old woman who reveals a never  before told love story . . . the nightmare  the horror and the shock are imprinted upon her deeply lined face . . .  br    br    titanic  is loaded with luminous photography and sweeping visuals as the footage of the shipwrecked ocean liner lying motionless on the ocean floor the incredible transformation of the bow of the sunken  titanic  that takes the viewer back to      revealing the meticulously re  created interiors the first sight of the titanic steamed steadily toward her date with destiny the titanic  leaving the southampton dock  and some dolphins appear jumping  racing along in front of the luxurious ship decaprio and winslet flying at the ship  s front rail in a gorgeous magic moment the intertwining of past and present as jack was drawing rose on his paper  the camera zooms closely on young rose  s eye  only to transform its shape into gloria stuart  s aged eye . . .  br    br   chilling scenes titanic  s inevitable collision with destiny james cameronin one of the most terrifying sequences ever put on film takes us down with the titanic  finally leaving us floundering in the icy water  screaming for help that never comes . . .  br    br   winner of   academy awards  including best picture  james cameron  s  titanic  is a gigantic epic where you don  t just watch the film  you experience it  the visual effects are amazing  like no other film  s . . . the decor is overwhelming . . . james horner  s music intensifies the emotions . . . the whole movie is hunting and involving  filled with a wide range of deep feelings . . .  br    br   it  s truly a moving tribute to those who lost their lives on that unfortunate ship . . .  
