titanic has to be one of my all  time favorite movies . it has its problems  what movies don  t  but still  it  s enjoyable .  br    br   when i stumble across someone who asks me why i like titanic  i suppose my first reaction is  wait a minute  you don  t   i know so many people who don  t like this movie  and i  m not saying i don  t see why .  the love story is too cheesy  well  yes but isn  t it enjoyable and moving  all right  the love story between jack and rose is very unrealistic  everyone knows that love like this doesn  t actually exist . but this is a movie  doesn  t everyone enjoy watching a beautiful story that lets us slip slightly into fantasy for a while  the next complaint  dicaprio and winslet are terrible actors . well  ok  in this movie  i agree that they do not perform to their full potentials . however i think it  s unfair to say that they are terrible actors . i personally think they are both very talented actors who unfortunately are very famous for a movie that they are not amazing in . but the roles they are given are simple  and the characters seem real enough that you can care about them quite a bit  but i agree with many people that they did not do as well as could have been expected .  br    br   and finally  if one is going to complain that they don  t like this movie because they hate romance  or because they hate history  or tragic movies  then i  m sorry but why on earth did they go and see a movie that is so clearly all of these things . it  s like people who complain the dark knight is a bad movie because they hate action movies . simply for being a movie  not because you dislike the genre  this is a good movie .  br    br   well deserving of its oscars  in particular  best cinematography  which i find to be the best i  ve ever seen in a movie save maybe the lord of the rings trilogy .  br    br   i know some of the writing fails  such as the constant screaming of each other  s names throughout the movie . the flashback portion of the story can be quite weak at times  but overall it  s an amazing achievement in making the titanic look so real  and the sinking feel so epic .  br    br   i understand why a lot of people dislike this movie  but for the most part it boils down to them disliking the fundamental idea  such as it being a love story  rather than them thinking the movie in and of itself is poorly constructed .  br    br   i can tell you that i have read more than five books about the titanic  including memoirs form the day it happened  and this movie is extremely historically accurate save just a few faults . the only main ones i can find is that the piping should be threaded copper  not steel  and the iceberg looks fairly unrealistic as is the scene where they hit it .  br    br   i give this movie       not because i like romance movies  but simply because it  s an outstanding cinematic achievement  that leaves one feeling horrified by the realistic adaptation of events .  
