i avoided watching this film for the longest time . long before it was even released i had dismissed it as an over  hyped  over  blown  overly romanticized piece of hollywood schmaltz  and i wanted nothing to do with it . i never watched it in the theatre . i shook my head in disbelief at the   academy awards  even though i had never seen it . then i was asked to be a judge at a high school public speaking contest . one of the girls spoke about this movie .  it was so great   she said .  you really felt like you were on the ship .   nonsense   i thought . i shared my feelings with my fellow judges . one looked at me and said   you might be right  but if she liked the movie that much maybe she  ll want to learn more about the real titanic . the movie must have done something right to get her so interested .   well  maybe   thought i . then it finally appeared on pay tv .  ok   i thought   i  ll give it a look see .  i didn  t want to like it  and i didn  t . i loved it  what a great movie .  br    br   where to start  first  the directing . my high school public speaking contestant was right . james cameron does a superb job of creating an almost  you are there  type of atmosphere . the gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world . the nonchalance as news of the iceberg first spreads then the rising sense of panic . you don  t just watch it you really do feel it . then  the performances . the lead performances from kate winslet  as rose  and leonardo dicaprio  as jack  are excellent  winslet  s being the superior  i thought  but both were good . they had their rich girl  poor boy characters down to a perfect  t  i thought . in my opinion  though  stealing the show was frances fisher as rose  s mother . she was perfect as the snobby aristocrat  and you could feel the fear and loathing she felt every time she looked at jack . then  the details . i  m no expert on the sinking of the titanic  but i have a reasonable general knowledge  and this film does a super job of recreating the historical details accurately and then weaving them seamlessly around the fictional romance . very impressive  indeed . then  the song . who can watch this movie and not be taken with celine dion  s performance of  my heart goes on .   br    br   problems . well  the romance was perhaps too contrived  in the sense that i just don  t accept that jack could have moved so effortlessly from steerage to first class .  i know he was invited the first time but he seems to keep getting into first class without being stopped until he  s been there for a while .  the realities of the separation of the social classes were much more realistically portrayed  i thought  when the steerage passengers were going to be left locked down there after the ship hit the iceberg while the first class folks got to enjoy half empty lifeboats .  br    br   a minor quibble  though . this is truly an excellent movie . my only regret is not seeing it in the theatre  where i think it would have been so much more impressive .  br    br        
