the anime that got me hooked on anime . . .  br    br   set in the year      hey  that  s not too far away now   the earth is now poison gas wasteland of pollution and violence . seeing as how crimes are happening ever   seconds are so and committed by thieves who have the fire power of third world terrorists  the government of the fictional new port city form the tank police to deal with the problem  cops with tanks  oh the insanity   br    br   the  heroes  of this series include the new recruit leona ozaki  a red haired japanese woman  yeah i know  they never match their distinctly japanese names with a japanese appearance  who has just been drafted into the tank police and is quickly partnered with blond  blue eyed nice guy al . leona is new at using tanks and unfortunately she destroys the favorite tank of tank police commander charles britain  also known as  brenten    a big guy who looks like tom selleck on steroids and sporting a pair of nifty sunglasses  a big revolver and a bad temper . britain didn  t like having leona join the tank police in the first place and her wrecking his tiger special  a giant green monster tank  doesn  t exactly endear her to him  nor is he fond of her taking the remains of his giant tank and using it to build a mini  tank that she nicknames bonaparte and he is soon pushing to have her transferred to child welfare  where the boys are more your size  as he puts it . there  s also specs  the bifocal genius  bible quoting  god fearing chaplain  purple mo  hawked mohican  and the pot bellied chief  who  s right on the edge thanks to the mayor always yelling at him about the tank police antics . seeing as how the tank cops often destroy half the city while chasing the bad guys and use extreme violence to capture them  they  re not very well liked by the people .  br    br   the  villains  are a cyborg named buaku who  s got a mysterious past that  s connected with a project known as  green peace   his gang and his two sexy cat cyborg sidekicks anna  uni puma . in the first installment these guys are being paid to steal urine samples from a hospital treating people who haven  t been infected by the poison gas clouds and in the  nd they  re hired to steal a painting that is of a naked buaku . the story  however  was uncompleted in the anime and was finished up in a cult comic   manga   book that  s very hard to find .  br    br   all sorts of chaos and mayhem ensue in this black comic venture that examines how far people want their police to go in order to catch criminals and what happens when the fine line between good guys and bad guys starts to get blurred . this is the kind of thing that if you were going to make a movie of it  you  d better go get quentin tarantino . uneven in places but still a lot of fun .  br    br   followed by  new dominion tank police  .  
