elephant walk may not be the acme of literature or of film  but it is great entertainment in the quasi  melodramatic mode . it is the story of love  both genuine and illicit  as well as overweening ambition  devotion  and the arrogance of personal tyranny . a previous reviewer  john mankin  questions why the central focus of the film  the mansion called elephant walk  should have been built by the former owner  the  governor  the late tom wiley  right across the elephants  traditional path to the major source of water  the river . to miss this point is to essentially miss the point of the whole center of the film the hubris of man . that his son  played by peter finch  should become enthralled by the super image and enigma of his revered father  is not unexpected  since the son was without a mother growing up in a foreign jungle with only his father and his father  s rowdy  boys  club  as his role models . the point of the father was that he was a self  made man who would tame nature to his liking  and that liking was not just a tea plantation upon the lands the elephants once dominated  but also that he would dominate even the large bull elephant that led the herd  and thus he would dominate his son and all around him  and so we join the tale after the elephants have been denied the crucial dry season access to their pathway to water . who could know that this dry season would last so long and what the elephants would do in desperation to get water  this is the nexus of the film what will animals do to get water what will humans do to get power or love  ceylon  today  s sri lanka  is the huge island off the coast of india where the plantation is located and one quickly learns that it is the real scenery of the story  not just the expenses of miss taylor . were it not for this exotic location  much of the film was shot in ceylon   and the magnificent  bungalow  this would have been just another potboiler . one must recognize the atmosphere created here as integral to the time and place  as it illuminates the latter day wealth and power attained by the english immigrant  conquerors  that were part and parcel of the british raj . it is only such wealth gained by the use of virtual slave labor that one could build so magnificent a residence of ebony  teak  and marble . not to be overlooked are the wonderfully carved jalees  grille work window and doorway borders  evidently specified by art directors j . mcmillan johnson and hal pereira and obviously made by the cheaper labor on the island . such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought .  br    br   for those immune to the blandishments of time  place  and architecture  there is always the allure of miss taylor  as she marries a man she doesn  t really know and is tacitly wooed by a another man  against the background described  and under the overarching tyranny of the legacy of a man deceased . as i said  it is not great literature nor even great film  but it is great spectacle long before that term was debased by the special effects extravaganzas of today .  br    br   this is one of those films made to be seen on the giant screen of an outdoor drive  in  not on the home tv  so arrange the largest screen to see it on to fully appreciate its fine camera  work and scope .  
