  ardh satya  is one of the finest film ever made in indian cinema . directed by the great director govind nihalani  this one is the most successful hard hitting parallel cinema which also turned out to be a commercial success . even today  ardh satya is an inspiration for all leading directors of india .  br    br   the film tells the real  life scenario of mumbai police of the   s . unlike any police of other cities in india  mumbai police encompasses a different system altogether . govind nihalani creates a very practical outlay with real life approach of mumbai police environment .  br    br   amongst various police officers  colleagues  the film describes the story of anand velankar  a young hot  blooded cop coming from a poor family . his father is a harsh police constable . anand himself suffers from his father  s ideologies  incidences of his father  s atrocities on his mother . anand  s approach towards immediate action against crime  is an inert craving for his own job satisfaction . the film is here revolved in a plot wherein anand  s constant efforts against crime are trampled by his seniors . this leads to frustrations  as he cannot achieve the desired job  satisfaction . resulting from the frustrations  his anger is expressed in excessive violence in the remand rooms  bars  also turning him to an alcoholic .  br    br   the spirit within him is still alive  as he constantly fights the system . he is aware of the system of the metro  where the police  politicians are a inertly associated by far end . his compromise towards unethical practice is negative . finally he gets suspended .  br    br   the direction is a master piece  thoroughly hard core . one of the best memorable scenes is when anand breaks in the underworld gangster rama shetty  s house to arrest him  followed by short conversation which is fantastic . at many scenes  the film has hair  raising moments .  br    br   the practical approach of script is a major punch . alcoholism  corruption  political influence  courage  deceptions all are integral part of mumbai police even today . those aspects are dealt brilliantly .  br    br   finally  the films belongs to the one man show  om puri portraying anand velankar traversing through all his emotions absolutely brilliantly .  
