directed by govind nihalani  this is definite cop film of indian cinema . may be the first one which portrayed the stark reality of corruption in the police force  politics with no holds barred  how it effects on a young cop . a man forced to join a career of a cop by his cop father . agreed that we grew up watching lot of good cop  bad cop hindi films but this is different . today  s generation  which grown up watching dark  realistic films like   satya    company  may be consider it inferior product in comparison but look at the time of its making . the film was made absolutely off beat tone in the time when people didn  t pay much attention to such kind of cinema  yet it becomes a most sought after cop film in class  mass audience when it released . for om puri its first breakthrough in mainstream hindi cinema  he delivered a class performance as inspector velankar . its more than cop character  he internalized a lot which is something original in acting . watch his scenes with his father whom he hates  smita whom he loves . smita patil maintained the dignity of her character to the expected level . my god what a natural expressions she carried    shafi inamdar was truly a discovery for me  he  s a brilliant character actor if given a chance  here in some of the scenes he outsmarted even om . the movie is also a debut of a promising villain on indian screen  sadashiv amrapurkar as  rama shetty  . it  s another story that he didn  t get such a meaty role  almost forgotten today as one of the loud villain of dharmendra  s b grade action films . watch the scene where om  st time becomes a rebel for his father  played by amrish puri   next both are sharing wine together . how inner truth started revealing for both the character with confronting feelings of love  hate for each other . two faces of indian police force  masculinity  impotency and in between lies  half truth  ardh satya  kudos to nihalani  s touch . the film won  national awards as best hindi feature film  best actor  om puri   filmfare awards in best film  best director  best supporting actor categories .  br    br   recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious hindi films .  br    br   ratings       
