i loved this film . not being a swooning ed wood jr . fan  i prefer to appreciate his  boundless enthusiasm  and acknowledge his shortcomings . his movies are fun  but his personal story is one racked with pain . i hoped  and was delighted to find  that this film would be about understanding his turbulent life  rather than simply heaping him with posthumous praise . from beginning to end  this film evolves from a documentary into a mythology  leaving the cast and the viewer unexpectedly connected to each other and to ed wood jr .  br    br   what we get are people who knew ed wood the best talking about him from all perspectives  positive and negative  and showing us their character as much as ed  s . we get insight into ed  s personal and professional life from his romances  to his drinking  to his sexuality  to his friends  to his enemies  and even to his film making .  br    br   the film itself is shot in a low  budget way that seems done out of respect for ed  as if using the techniques of most theatrically released movies from     would be disrespectful  sort of like wearing a nicer suit than the president  . the set designer uses a sense of humor and also a great deal of insight when matching each cast member with their background .  br    br   fans will be excited to hear personal testimony regarding ed wood controversies  and new comers will be amazed that this man was real . the dvd is full of impossible to find gems   crossroads of lorado  and photo galleries   but the real treasure of this film is the surprisingly engaging and interconnected story .  br    br   ed wood had a habit of defining people through their association with him  for better or worse   to the point where one woman will go down in history as  swimming pool owner  for once letting him and his friends be baptized in her pool . this ability to define a person  s legacy comes through universally  as the most amazing effect of the film is to not only give a well rounded idea of the man that was ed wood jr .  but also to give a comprehensive view of the community that he created . somehow  without ever having more that one cast member being interviewed on screen at a time  the connection that ed wood created amongst the various people in his life becomes clear  and the viewer is left with great sense of involvement .  br    br   even the title hints at the b  list horror genre  but by the end  we see that even this is a kindness . what begins as unrelated stories by random people ends with the conclusion that all of the cast will be forever weaved into an unpredictably cohesive fabric that history will bring into haunting unity with wood  s legend .  br    br   in many ways a living contradiction  ed wood jr . could not be condensed to a single viewpoint . this collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get . being itself a juxtaposition of themes  it is at once respectful  provocative  thoughtful  gripping  fun  sad  kind  and fulfilling .  
