stargate sg   follows and expands upon the egyptian mythologies presented in stargate . in the stargate universe  humans were enslaved and transported to habitable planets by the goa  uld such as ra and apophis . for millennia  the goa  uld harvested humanity  heavily influencing and spreading human cultures . as a result  earth cultures such as those of the aztecs  mayans  britons  the norse  mongols  greeks  and romans are found throughout the known habitable planets of the galaxy . many well  known mythical locations such as avalon  camelot  and atlantis are found  or have at one time existed .  br    br   presently  the earth stargate  found at a dig site near giza in      is housed in a top  secret u . s . military base known as the sgc  stargate command  underneath cheyenne mountain . col . jack o  neill  anderson   dr . daniel jackson  shanks   capt . samantha carter  tapping  and teal  c  judge  compose the original sg   team  a few characters join and  or leave the team in later seasons  . along with   other sg teams  they venture to distant planets exploring the galaxy and searching for defenses from the goa  uld  in the forms of technology and alliances with friendly advanced races .  br    br   the parasitic goa  uld use advanced technology to cast themselves as egyptian gods and are bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship . throughout the first eight seasons  the goa  uld are the primary antagonists . they are a race of highly intelligent  ruthless snake  like alien parasites capable of invading and controlling the bodies of other species  including humans . the original arch  enemy from this race was the system lord apophis  peter williams  . other system lords  such as baal and anubis  play pivotal roles in the later seasons . in the ninth season a new villain emerges  the ori . the ori are advanced beings with unfathomable technology from another galaxy  also bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship . the introduction of the ori accompanies a departure from the primary focus on egyptian mythology into an exploration of the arthurian mythology surrounding the ori  their followers  and their enemiesthe ancients .  
