a man and his wife get in a horrible car accident . when the wife is left in a persistent vegetative state  the man must choose between pulling the plug and letting her live . the decision is made even harder when he realizes her ghost wants to extract revenge on him and those around him .  br    br   this comes to us from director rob schmidt  who made  wrong turn   a film i have not seen  . with only one horror film under his belt  and not a particularly notorious one at that  i was a bit reluctant to watch this episode  expecting schmidt to be a  master of horror  in only the most liberal sense . my apologies to him for my underestimation . as of episode   in a   episode season  this was actually the best one yet .  br    br   the issue of the  right to die  is dealt with and covered in enough detail to be a solid plot device . however  this is only the foundation on which the story revolves . once the horror elements show up  the film goes from  decent  to  spectacular  . great acting  great plot  great dialogue  great suspense . i was a little creeped out at times  which is good  and most of all the gore is in extreme abundance  i read a review of this episode prior to watching it  where the reviewer said there is a strong hint of  hellraiser  in this . through the first part of the show  i had no idea what they were talking about . then there is a bit later where some images do remind me of  hellraiser   . however  i in no way wish to say that this takes away from the film . i can see no other way to create the effect that was created  and in my opinion this looks remarkably better than  hellraiser   .  br    br   some plot twists show up later on  and might invite the viewer to give the film a second look . i didn  t watch it a second time  but i think the beginning would make more sense if i had  not that it  s confusing  . the subplot with the dental hygienist is also nice  and i found myself going back and forth about whether i disliked the main character for his relationship with her or if i felt bad for him . he  s somewhat of an anti  hero to the whole story  if you will . i feel inclined to cheer for him as the protagonist  but he  s completely unlovable .  br    br   while the stuart gordon episode may be better and i  m excited about the  washingtonians  episode  i think i could safely bet that this is the key episode of the season and by far the saving grace of what was otherwise lackluster and routine . when legends like john carpenter let me down  again  i get a bit worried about the genre  s future  but then a fresh face like rob schmidt comes along and gives me hope . this one is a keeper  and please bring schmidt back for season    
