i  m not entirely sure rob schmidt qualifies as a  master  in the genre of horror  since he previously just directed one horror film called  wrong turn  and that one was actually just was slightly above mediocre  but fact is that he made with  right to die  one of the best and creepiest episodes of the entire second season of the  masters of horror  franchise . there was a similar underdog story in season one  when william malone made on of the best episodes with  the fair haired child  even though his other long feature films  fear dot com  and  house on haunted hill  sucked pretty badly .  br    br   the story of  right to die  cleverly picks in on the nowadays piping hot social debate of euthanasia  but thankfully also features multiple old  fashioned horror themes like ghostly vengeance  murderous conspiracies  pitch black humor and comic book styled violence . whilst driving home late one night and discussing the husband  s continuous adultery  the addison couple are involved in a terrible car accident . cliff walks away from the wreck unharmed but his wife abby is fully burned and needs to be kept alive artificially . whilst cliff and his sleazy attorney  corbin bernsen of  the dentist   want to plug the plug on her and sue the car constructor  abbey  s mum sets up a giant media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blame everything on cliff . meanwhile abbey  s hateful spirit comes back for revenge and kills someone in cliff  s surrounding whenever she has a near fatal experience with the medical devices . after a few victims  cliff realizes it might be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to remain alive as well .  right to die  is a stupendous episode and exactly the type of stuff i always hoped to see from a tv  series concept like  masters of horror  . it  s violent and gory with a sick  twisted sense of humor and loads of sleaze sequences . the euthanasia theme and the whole obligatory media circus that surrounds it is processed into the script very well  yet without unnecessarily reverting to political standpoints or morality lessons . the atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling . actresses julia anderson and robin sydney both have pretty face and impressively voluptuous racks  which is always a welcome plus  and corbin bernsen is finally offered the chance again to depict a mean  spirited and egocentric bastard . great  moh  episode definitely one of the highlights of both seasons .  
