it  s amazing that from a good  though not wonderful  film made back in the early nineties  a whole franchise can grow .  stargate sg   is  without a doubt  a worthy addition to the science fiction genre and has the right to stand shoulder  to  shoulder with  star trek  as the kings of sci  fi .  br    br   following on from the     feature film  stargate   this series sees stargate command  a military  science organisation  figuring out that the stargate system can be used to travel to various planets across the galaxy and beyond and the military sets up a number of teams to explore . sg  is one such team  headed by military veteran colonel jack o  neill  and includes archaeologist doctor daniel jackson  military scientist captain samantha carter and alien teal  c  who has betrayed his overlord leaders in the hopes of one day freeing his people . earth quickly makes an enemy of the goa  uld  a parasitic race who use humans as hosts and think themselves equal to gods .  br    br   the top  notch cast have much to be congratulated for in bringing this show to life . richard dean anderson is perfect as the cynical and sarcastic o  neill  who can shift from boyish to deadly in the blink of an eye . michael shanks  as daniel  brings heart and an will of steel to the character  who has grown from wide  eyed innocence to darker and more hard  bitten as the show has progressed . amanda tapping  as carter  has perfected the balance between depicting her character  s femininity without comprising the fact she is a strong  intelligent military scientist . christopher judge is excellent as the aloof teal  c  who is able to depict the character  s emotions with subtlety . and don s davis is perfect as the esteemed general hammond who leads with a good balance of fairness and firmness .  br    br   almost all the episodes are are involving and portrayed with intelligence  reflecting on moral dilemmas as well as the friction between military interests and civilian beliefs  often shown through arguments between o  neill and jackson  . guest characters are solidly depicted and story arcs are handled in a manner that doesn  t bore viewers . sg  also excels in humour  from o  neill  s wisecracks to episodes that are just wacky and odd  sg  has everything from action to drama to romance to suspense to the heartbreaking scenes of death . it isn  t just an excellent sci  fi show but is an excellent show  overall .  
