i  d have given this film a few stars  simply because it was a  lifetime  presentation actually filmed in the location represented in the story  here  new york city . most on this channel  whether  set  there  in rural iowa  oregon  virginia  l . a . etc .  are filmed in vancouver  ottawa  toronto or some other canadian locale .  br    br   but if there ever were one deserving the top rating     on this site  it  s this movie . certainly not for originality  for this story has been done many times  in many variations  with several very similar to this specific one . it  s also been done pretty often on the big screen  with mega  stars  past and present  from cary grant  james garner  harrison ford  tom hanks  et al  and deborah kerr  doris day  meg ryan  and many more . i can think of at least      more  just as prominent  past to present  off the top of my head  who could be added now  and there are probably many others which could be brought to mind .  br    br   not to drone on  but my point is that  in my opinion  this is by far one of the best of this genre i  ve seen . i caught it by chance on a mid  day friday  at a time when i had the tv on only because i was taking a couple of hours following a particularly hectic week . i  d never run across this flick in the  years since it was made . and  while the two leads have done enough to be known to most  they were completely unknown to me . the only two actors i knew were phyllis newman  anna  s mother  whom i  d seen in some things from her younger days  and michael rispoli  henry  charlie  s best friend  who was outstanding as  gramma   the menacing juice loan  tough  street guy from  rounders .   br    br   the chance meeting and coupling between both leads  best friends  as a sub  story romance  with the correlation of their being such to anna and charlie being only revealed to all later  is an oft  done plot contrivance within the genre  but makes no difference to the enjoyment here  in fact  it enhances it  .  br    br   checking some other comments  i agree completely with those which are the most positive . the primary word describing this film is engaging  in caps . this adjective describes the performers the characters the chemistry between and among all of the characters  in whatever combination presented  and all of the supporting and even minor roles .  br    br   i love films with a  harder edge   rounders  the escapist schwarzenegger  stallone fare  goodfellows  even the classics like  casablanca    gone with the wind    citizen kane .  but for pure  uncomplicated enjoyment  this one was outstanding . with a bare fraction of their budgets  it was equal to the results achieved by  you  ve got mail  and  sleepless in seattle .  and tom hanks and meg ryan couldn  t have done better than natasha henstridge and michael vartan here the co  stars and support personnel here were equivalent to those in these mega  films  as well .  
