i took a flyer in renting this movie but i gotta say  it was very  very good . on all fronts script  cast  director  photography  and high production values  etc . proves eva longoria parker is head and shoulders in rom  com above bad actors such as kate hudson and jennifer aniston  who mug and call it acting . who  da thunk it   br    br   parker and isla fisher are in a class by themselves in this regard and should try to hold out for projects as good as  over her dead body .  lake bell is excellent  too  and this is the first time i have seen her . and finally  paul rudd gets to shine in a really good movie  instead of lesser films .  br    br   a movie like this never gets its dues from close  minded males . it  s too bad . as other imdb reviewers here have noted  there is nothing lame about this gem   no hack writing or acting .  br    br   and its depiction of contemporary l . a . and california  in general  makes every scene look bright  beautiful  clean  and otherwise outstanding in every way . never before has a movie made l . a . look so good . ah  what a little talent and a lot of caring can do for a movie .  br    br   i won  t divulge the plot  but as a long  time and hard  core atheist  i was willing to suspend disbelief and buy into the supernatural theme in order to enjoy an excellent and light  hearted piece of entertainment . it reminds me very much of the old  topper  movies  which were also so enjoyable .  br    br   this movie exposes popular  but otherwise hackneyed  movies like  ghost  for the mediocre and overly sentimental crap fests they are . we already know the public taste leans heavily toward the mediocre . some of us save our praise for the truly worthy  however .  br    br   if you have enjoyed other overlooked gems such as  into the night  with michelle pfeiffer  jeff goldblum and clu gulager   blind date  with bruce willis and kim basinger   american dreamer  with jobeth williams   chances are  with robert downey jr .  christopher mcdonald and cybil sheppard   making mr . right  with john malkovich  etc .  you  ll enjoy this .  br    br   a first  rate job all around  even if it  s kinda hard to believe a straight guy can pretend to be gay for more than five years .  but even that plot device doesn  t detract from the movie  s overall excellence .  
