  de grot  is a terrific dutch thriller  based on the book written by tim krabb . another of his books   het gouden ei  was made into the great dutch mystery thriller called  spoorloos    the vanishing   in     . this one is not as good as that thriller  although much better than the american remake also called  the vanishing   but there are times it comes close .  br    br   especially the opening moments are terrific . we see a man  later we learn his name is egon wagter  fedja van hut   coming from a plane in thailand . when he picks up his bags it is pretty clear that he is smuggling something across the border . these scenes are perfectly directed  photographed and acted . a kind of suspense is created that you would normally not have in an opening scene like this . later we see how egon makes his deal in thailand with a woman  both stating that they have never done anything like this .  br    br   from this point the movie is constantly flashback and flash  forward . we see how egon  still as a child  here played by erik van der horst   befriends a guy named axel  as a kid played by benja bruijning  . we learn how they grew up as friends  sort of  and how axel  as an adult played by marcel hensema  became a criminal . egon in the meanwhile goes to college and settles with a woman . around this time he sometimes meets axel but does not really want anything to do with him .  br    br   the movie is chronological in a way . it shows egon and axel as kids  than as students  young adults  and in their mid  thirties . but from time to time  like i said  the movie goes back to when they were kids and jumps forward again . every time we see them as kids it explains something that happens when they are adults .  br    br   minor spoilers herein .  br    br   the title means  the cave   and it is the cave that gives the movie its happy ending  although it is in fact not that happy . like the beginning  the ending is terrific . the middle part of the movie is entertaining and in a way it distracts our attention of the first scenes  only to come back at that point in the end . it is the editing that gives the movie its happy ending  although we can say the dramatic ending is happy in a way as well .  
