rumors is a memorable entry in the wartime series of instructional cartoons starring  private snafu .  the films were aimed at servicemen and were directed  animated and scored by some of the top talent from warner bros .  termite terrace  including friz freleng  chuck jones  and carl stalling . the invaluable mel blanc supplied the voice for snafu  and the stories and rhyming narration for many of the films was supplied by theodor geisel  i . e . dr . seuss . the idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid imagery  using the character of snafu as a perfect negative example he was the dope  the little twerp who would do everything you  re not supposed to do . according to chuck jones the scripts had to be approved by pentagon officials  but army brass also permitted the animators an unusual amount of freedom concerning language and bawdy jokes  certainly more than theatrical censorship of the time would allow   all for the greater good  of course .  br    br   as the title would indicate  this cartoon is an illustration of the damaging power of rumors . the setting is an army camp . private snafu sits next to another soldier in the latrine  something you won  t see in any other hollywood films of the era  and their casual conversation starts the ball rolling . we observe as an offhand remark about a bombing is misinterpreted  then exaggerated  then turned into an increasingly frightening rumor that sweeps the camp . the imagery is indeed vivid the brain of one anxious soldier is depicted as a percolating pot  while the fevered speech of another is rendered as steamy hot air  i . e  balloon juice .  a soldier  shoots his mouth off   cannon  style  and before you know it actual baloney is flying in every direction . winged baloney  at that . panicked soldiers tell each other that the brooklyn bridge has been pulverized  coney island wiped out  enemy troops have landed on the white house lawn  and the japanese are in california . the visuals become ever more surreal and nightmarish until at last the camp is quarantined for  rumor  itis  and private snafu has been locked up in a padded cell .  br    br   this is a highly effective piece of work . the filmmakers dramatized their theme with wit and startling energy  and the message is still a valid one . in recent years we  ve seen that catastrophic events  real or imagined  can breed all kinds of wild rumors that spread more rapidly than ever thanks to communication advances . because the technology has improved  the private snafus of our time are able to broadcast their own balloon juice via e  mail  cellphones and blogging . consequently  rumors is a rare example of a wartime educational film whose essential message doesn  t feel at all dated in fact it may be more timely than ever .  
