the beauty of this film is evidenced in the great portrayal of the power of a mother  s love  the exceptional performances  the steady execution and the quite innovative script . the film tells the story of an indian woman  nandini  who lives in canada with her husband shekhar and little kid raja . all of a sudden her husband informs her that his family in india  of whom she had not even known  is in troubles and the couple rush to india . when they get into the village  nanadini is shocked and terrified to witness a very wild rural culture shekhar  s family  ruled by his cruel  highly cynical and merciless father narasimha  lives a poor and highly violent lifestyle which is full of murder and terror and where women are subservient and helpless . nandini starts nagging shekhar to return home  but he is soon killed by his father  s enemies . when she wants to leave  narasimha refuses to let her take raja back to india . here starts the intense struggle which can be called  nandini vs . narasimha  .  br    br   india is not presented in a particularly positive light in this film  but it only shows a very tiny minority of its rural areas  so it may be even correct . the portrayal is in my view fair and not one  sided because the positive side is also presented to an extent . such a horrifying sight could be shown in a film about any country in the world . the locations are amazing  the music is wonderful  and krishna vamshi  s direction is aided by very effective cinematography and good editing . one thing that must be noted is the very ear  pleasing background score by ismail darbar  it is beautiful . the characters are very well defined though we do get to see both their bright and dark sides in different portions of the film . portrayed realistically throughout  the film flows well and is an interesting and fairly entertaining watch . its dialogues are superb and intelligently written  and although the shocking proceedings can be very disturbing at some points  a great deal of positive moments manage to relieve the tension .  br    br   the film  s biggest strength is the performances . karisma kapoor is breathtaking and very believable as nandini . her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotion is simply incredible . she displays so much intensity  impulsiveness  anguish and determination as the mother who wants to get her son back that this little kid seems to be her own son . her outbreaks while facing off nana patekar which are like volcanic eruptions show us how the simplest of women can become a tigress when it comes to her child . after fiza  this is her most powerful performance . one of the greatest actors indian cinema has seen  nana patekar is indescribable as narasimha . he manages to be hateful as narasimha yet admirable as the actor who plays him . patekar displays cruelty  wittiness and even humanity with total conviction . he is outstanding . another great performance comes unsurprisingly from india  s most underrated actress  deepti naval  who sensitises her character to perfection . sanjay kapoor is just adequate and shahrukh khan provides great comic relief . anyway  do watch shakti  it could have been better  but it is definitely a must  watch .  
