a strong woman oriented subject after long  director krishna vamsi  s shakti  the power  the desi version of the hollywood hit not without my daughter is actress sridevi  s first home  production . a story about a woman  s fight against harsh injustice .  br    br   the story of the film revolves around nandini  karisma kapoor  who lives in canada with her two uncles  tiku talsania  jaspal bhatti  . there she meets shekhar  sanjay kapoor   falls in love with him and they soon marry . their family is complete when nandini has a boy  raja  master jai gidwani  . but their happiness is short lived  as the news of shekhar  s ailing mother  deepti naval  makes them leave their perfect life in canada and come to india . and that  s when the problems start . from the moment they reach  br    br   india  both are shocked to see the pollution and the vast throngs of people everywhere . they take a crowded train to reach shekhar  s village and when they finally reach the station  they have to catch a long bus drive to his village . the filthy sweaty bus combined with the uncertain terrain makes it a never  ending drive . and unfortunately for them  a frenzied mob that beat shekhar out of shape for no fault of his attacks their bus . fortunately  they get shot dead just in time before they can further harm him . after that  they drive to the handing havel where shekhar   s father  narsimha  nana patekar  lives with his wife  deepti naval  . nandani realized that her father  in  law is in command as soon as she enters the place  but her only solace is her mother  in  law  s warm welcome .  br    br   living there  nandini learns of her father  in  laws tyrannical behavior and realizes that ruthless killing is a way of life for him . the day she sees her father  in  law teach her son to throw a bomb  she loses it and lashes out against him  insisting to shekhar that they move back to canada . but terror strikes again when shekhar is murdered one day  leaving a broken down nandini alone with her son in this strange land where she is harrowed by a cruel father  in  law . her fight against this man to save her son is what makes up the climax of this emotional heart  wrenching film .  br    br   what sets apart shakti from most films being made off late is also the rural setting of the movie . the only drawback is ismail darbar   s music  which fails to rise above the script . the only saving grace is the sexy item number ishq kameena  which has been composed by anu malik . another pat for the director comes because he has extracted some splendid performances from his cast . karisma kapoor is the life of the film and has given a moving performance as a helpless mother . she is sure to win awards for this heated portrayal . second is actor nana patekar who is back with a bang with this film . his uncouth mannerisms suit him to the hilt and he  s shown his versatility once again with this role . sanjay kapoor is the surprise packet of the film with a sincere and effective portrayal that stands up against both the other actors . deepti naval too is in top form and her pr  climax showdown with nana is praiseworthy . shahrukh  s cameo provides the lighter moments and surely he  s been pulled in to get the required star value . though his role was not really required  he  s done it well . overall  shakti is a far superior film than most churned out these days and the pr  release hype is sure to get it a good opening . shakti is sure to get the critics and audience thumps up . so what if the film needs to be desperately trimmed by at least  reels to better the impact . shakti still has the power to go on without a hitch   
