as a kid  i loved this game . i played it a zillion times during spring     with my friend andrew . i used to play axel or blaze and he would be adam and no matter how often we played it we never seemed to get bored . then streets of rage  came out . and we quickly forgot that this one even existed .  br    br   you play as ex  cops axel stone  adam or blaze fielding  who have quit the force in order to take on the bad guys in their own way . there are  levels to work thru in a run  down and corrupt city led by the evil mr x . beating up all the bad guys and the end  of  level boss is much fun . level   the bridge  was my fave because you could chuck baddies down the holes into the river . you even have the chance to become mr . x  s right hand man at the end of the game  at a price  . this leads to the  bad ending  in which you become the the boss of the syndicate . exactly how this is possible is a mystery since you destroy the syndicate on your way to mr . x  but never mind .  br    br   streets of rage also has truly fantastic music . the composer yuzo koshiro did absolute miracles with the limited technology of the sega genesis . the main theme  level one  level  and final boss are standout tunes .  br    br   as a wii owner i am proud to have this forever on my console . but with streets of rage  also available  it does kind of render the first one somewhat obsolete .  br    br   pros  br    br   average graphics but nice backgrounds represented in a comic  book like panel progression that fits the tone of the game .  br    br   great tunes .  br    br   easy to get into and hard to put down .  br    br   cons  br    br   vastly inferior to the infinitely more complex streets of rage  .  br    br   poor enemy ai . baddies often walk away from you instead of engaging in combat . this is especially infuriating with the level  boss .  br    br   lack of combo moves .  br    br   lack of decent weapons .  br    br   bad guy models are repeated far too often .  br    br   graphics b  sound a  gameplay b  lasting appeal b   
