  stargate sg    follows the intergalactic explorations of a team named sg   through a device called the stargate and all the surprises awaiting on the other side of the wormhole .  br    br   having seen this series sporadically for it  s first few seasons when it first came out  i didn  t know how good this series would really be    years after i had last seen an episode . my old impression was that the series was great  but my impression was far from the truth .  stargate sg    is more than just a simple sci  fi series  it is one of the most well made  interesting  long running  exciting sci  fi ever produced . and why  because it runs on an amazing premise .  br    br   this series value far surpasses that of the movie it was based on and i think it is a very good example that television  as a medium  with a suitable premise  is able to provide something that doesn  t work on the time restriction of film . the sense of familiarity created by a long running series  watching the characters and their circumstances progressing with time is stunning and just adds to the ability to suspend disbelief  and it  s all a result of terrific writing and a lot of dedication by the all crew to the show .  br    br    stargate sg    kept offering great adventures throughout the   years  but was never afraid of the challenge of moving the plot and it gave way for some very different time periods of the show  br    br    the first few seasons  perhaps up to the  th   th  focused a lot more on the exploration of planets and different situations  keeping the episodes fairly unrelated to each other if it were not for the always impending goaul  d threat .  br    br    from the  th to the  th there was increasingly more episodes focusing on fighting the goaul  d and preventing attacks on earth . after this seasons exploration of the planets was almost only an excuse for putting sg   in a place of goaul  d  replicator  ori conflicts  br    br    the  th season is probably the most mixed one . it has a stream of episodes that includes minor earth matters in which the stargate is hardly even mentioned  but the last episodes feature some great replicator moments .  br    br    the  th and   th travel together because they have the same new enemy and no jack o  neil . they are both good continuations  although the first few episodes of the   th season are a little weak  because they seem to be about little more than sg   and human  jaffa losing battle after battle to the ori .  br    br   basically  after season   exploration was pushed to the background  which in many ways was a shame  because of the potential and mystery each planet  episode  presented on the other hand  it made for so many great episodes of the ongoing conflicts that the change of nature of the show still worked and shows how great and bold the writers were .  br    br   even tough i believe the series have a high quality ending that nicely puts it to rest  the feeling i have is that it could go on the people involved were all great professionals and the series narrative had plenty to offer . a last season returning to the beginning nature of the series was very doable and would have been most welcome  but ultimately things are as they are .  br    br   in the end  because of the fact that i enjoyed everything  it  s a little hard to find that it ends . the big picture  however  the one drawn by the work of hundreds of people over the course of   years  is a sight of beauty and a true testament to the dedication of the crew  those outstanding actors and the characters the we will always remember as a collective by the name of sg   .  
