seldom do we see such short comments written by imdb filmgoers . perhaps it  s because this lightweight dark comedy entertains and pleases without depth  or are we missing something  i  d watch it again if i had some incentive .  br    br   so what  s a happenstance  to the french it is  le battement d  ailes du papillon  serendipity  fate  perhaps it  s an event that is the culmination of a series of random happenings . we  ve all had these  it  s called life  but when looked at in this way  you begin to get the feeling that  random  might be more like  fated .   br    br   a  happenstance  in this film might be an occurrence as minor as knocking a few leaves of lettuce off the back of a truck or as major as basing a major life decision on the accuracy of a stranger tossing of a pebble . all these incidents cause other events that . . . well you get the picture  dominoes . multiply those by   characters and an average of  each and you have to really stretch your imagination to accept the remote chance that this scenario could happen . and i think that there  s a diagnosis for those who believe that life is like this . but then this is the magic world of cinema .  br    br   we admit that it is fun to watch the way the writer  director weaves together these unrelated events into a story which enmeshes the lives of these french citizens . if you have a couple of hours and are looking for a whimsical escape  here  s the place to do it . or if you  re recovering from surgery and aren  t going anywhere anyway  this will engage you while your stitches are healing .  br    br    happenstance  will not go down as an award winner but it should develop a cult following . stranger things have happened .  br    br   soren kierkegaard is attributed with the following  life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forward .  if you looked at the detail in many of your own life experiences  meeting your first love  finding the perfect gift  your last auto accident  you would find a series of seemingly random events leading up to it .  br    br   that  s the answer  i forgot to bring along an existentialist to explain  happenstance  to me .  
