most people who chase after movies featuring audrey tautou seem to not understand that amelie was a character  it is not really audrey tautou  s real life personality  hence  every movie she partakes in is not going to be amelie part   part   etc .  br    br   now with that said  i too picked up this movie simply because audrey was in it . yes  it  s true  there is a big gap after the first scene where she isn  t seen at all for maybe   min  but i didn  t even miss her because i was having so much fun with the other characters . the guy who lies about everything is too funny  the guy who justifies people who run out of his cafe and skip out on the bill by finding coupons and such which balance out the loss  actually . . . . getting into all the characters here could take quite a while  but this is one of the best movies i  ve seen in a while .  br    br   audrey tautou  s character irene is not the overdone sugary girl that amelie was . in fact  as irene  her rudeness to a bum asking for change caught me off guard at first . in this film  irene is a girl with good intentions  but over the course of a  very awful  day  her disposition becomes more and more sour and pessimistic .  br    br   what makes this film completely great is you have all these really interesting stories and plots building . . . very entertaining to watch  great scenery and shots  very colorful and never too slow  and all of the characters can actually act . the best part of the movie comes with about   minutes left . . . . this is when all of the plots start to mesh together and the ride really picks up and everything ties together and makes sense  and the whole butterfly effect blossoms . i swear  it was the best   minutes of film i  ve seen in quite a while  and the ending . . . . it made me think  damn i really lucked out finding this movie  . the ending to this movie is top notch . whoever wrote the script for this is brilliant  because not only are there all these other subplots going on  but to somehow make them all tie in together  and in a sensible manner  which is the case here  but also to make each character feel human and come alive  not just some stale persona used as a crutch to build up this whole butterfly effect . . . very impressive .  br    br   i highly suggest this movie as it  s a great film to watch anytime  in any mood  with any company or alone .  
