when a rich tycoon is killed in a plane crash  his spinster twin sister  martha craig  madge kennedy   doesn  t believe he grabbed the controls in a suicide dive  even though self  snuff runs in the family  but his three beautiful daughters couldn  t care less . the pilot  jim norton  john bromfield   goes to work for valerie craig  kathleen hughes  who soon coerces him into helping her wrest control of the estate from her troubled sister  lorna  sara shane  and the family lawyer  jess barker  . valerie wants norton to seduce lorna when he  s not fending off the advances of another sister  the nymphet vicki  marla english   but her plans are thrown into a tailspin when norton falls for his prey . all bets are off as a world of woe  including corporate chicanery  seductions  suicides  blackmail  a murder plot  the mann act  double  crosses  disfigurement  and poetic justice  befall  craig manor   an imposing mansion on a bluff overlooking the sea . . .  br    br   this preposterous potboiler would have made a perfect second feature for written on the wind  also from     . douglas sirk  s saga of a powerful  and powerfully dysfunctional  oil clan was said to have inspired the     s night  time tv serial dallas but the craig  s low  brow excursion into insanity seems right out of it  s sinful sister  soap  dynasty . all three siblings  only one of whom is really bad  are great beauties but it  s kathleen hughes  cartoon villainy that stands out . valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the movie  s many guilty pleasures . teenage sister vicki is quite a piece of work as well  reminiscent of carmen sternwood in the big sleep . when they first meet  she pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on norton  s lap while he  s still standing by coming on to him with the line  i graduated summa cum laude from embrace  able u .  whew   br    br   three bad sisters  produced by schlockmeister howard w . koch  is a terrific trash  wallow in exploitation excess and the cast is b  movie heaven marla  she creature  english    s hunk john  revenge of the creature  bromfield  once married to french sexpot corinne calvet   universal starlet sara shane  discovered by hedy lamarr   jess  mr . susan hayward  barker  kathleen  it came from outer space  hughes  and former silent screen star madge kennedy give it all they  ve got  however much or little that is . future eurotrash star brett halsey  trumpet of the apocalypse  is seen briefly as one of vicki  s victims .  br    br   b  movie rating      marla  and her body english  made marvelous movies  three bad sisters was recently seen on the big screen as part of the palm springs film noir festival but the jury  s still wiping soap suds out of . . . aw hell  it  s noir      on the noirometer  .  
