the unlikely duo of zero mostel and harry belafonte team up to give us some interesting performances and subject matter in the angel levine . it  s one interesting twist on the themes from it  s a wonderful life .  br    br   zero is married to ida kaminsky and the two of them belong to a special class of elderly jewish poor in new york . mostel used to be a tailor and proud of his trade  but his back and arthritis have prevented him from working . kaminsky is mostly bedridden . he  s reduced to applying for welfare . in desperation like jimmy stewart  he cries out to god for some help .  br    br   now maybe if he had gotten someone like henry travers things might have worked out differently  but even stewart had trouble accepting travers . but travers had one thing going for him  he was over    years off this mortal coil and all his ties to earthly things were gone . god sent mostel something quite different  the recently deceased harry belafonte who should have at least been given some basic training for angels before being given an assignment .  br    br   belafonte hasn  t accepted he  s moved on from life  he  s still got a lot of issues . he also has a wife  gloria foster  who doesn  t know he  s passed on  hit by a car right at the beginning of the film . you put his issues and mostel  s issues and you  ve got a good conflict  starting with the fact that mostel can  t believe in a black jew named levine .  br    br   this was the farewell performance for polish  jewish actress ida kaminsky who got a nomination for best actress in the shop on main street a few years back . the other prominent role here is that of irish actor milo o  shea playing a nice jewish doctor . remembering o  shea  s brogue from the verdict  i was really surprised to see and hear him carry off the part of the doctor .  br    br   the angel levine raises some interesting and disturbing questions about faith and race in this society . it  s brought to you by a stellar cast and of course created by acclaimed writer bernard malamud . make sure to catch it when broadcast .  
