most yeti pictures are fatally undermined by a grave paucity of energy and enthusiasm . not so this gloriously bent  batty and berserk over  the  top italian  made shot  in  canada kitsch gut  buster it  s a wildly ripe and vigorously moronic ghastly marvel which reaches a stunning apotheosis of righteously over  baked  what the hell  s going on   crackpot excess and inanity .  br    br   a freighter ship crew discovers the body of a    foot yeti that resembles a hirsute    s disco stud  complete with jumbo wavy afro  perfectly preserved in a large chunk of ice . they dethaw the beast  jolt him back to life with electric charges  grossly mistreat him  and keep the poor hairy goliath in an enormous glass booth . before you can say  hey  the filmmakers are obviously ripping off  king kong    our titanic abominable snowdude breaks free of his cage  grabs the first luscious nubile blonde euro vixen  the gorgeous pheonix grant  he lays lustful eyes on  and storms away with his new lady love . the yeti gets recaptured and flown to toronto to be showed off to a gawking audience . of course  he breaks free again  nabs the vixen  and goes on the expected stomping around the city rampage .  br    br   the sublimely stupid dialogue  sample line  philosophy has no place in science  professor    cheesy  far from  special effects  the horrendous transparent blue screen work and cruddy tonka toy miniatures are especially uproarious in their very jaw  dropping awfulness   clunky  mis  direction  and a heavy  handed script that even attempts a clumsily sincere  is the yeti a man or a beast   ethical debate all combine together to create one of the single most delightfully ridiculous giant monster flicks to ever roar its absurd way across the big screen . better still  we also have a few funky offbeat touches to add extra shoddy spice to the already succulently schlocky cinematic brew the vixen accidentally brushes against one of the yeti  s nipples  which causes it to harden and elicits a big  leering grin of approval from the lecherous behemoth     the vixen nurses the yeti  s wounded hand while he makes goo  goo eyes at her  the yeti smashes windows with his feet while climbing a towering office building  and the furry fellow even breaks a man  s neck with his toes     . overall  this singularly screwball and shamefully unheralded should  be camp classic stands tall as a remarkable monolith of infectiously asinine celluloid lunacy that  s eminently worthy of a substantial hardcore underground cult following .  
