being a giant monster fan  me seeing  yeti  was an absolute must  especially after hearing so much about it . thanks to the good  ol bootleg market i was able to find a copy pretty easily  and was happily surprised upon watching that this flick was actually  dare i say  decent .  br    br   decent for what it is  actually  namely a cheesy giant  monster flick . it kicks in pretty quickly as yeti is found pretty much immediately  and we get introduced to various characters . they consist of some sleazy ones  some good ones  and a girl who is pretty much one of the most downright strikingly beautiful girls in any cheesy sci  fi film  by far .  br    br   yeti looks like a long  haired guy straight out of the original woodstock concert  and really  he  s not that bad of a dude  especially after being introduced to the world in some kind of funky cage  like thing . godzilla he is not  despite his rude awakening  he doesn  t even rampage  actually he rarely destroys anything in the whole picture   but kinda just looks puzzled while trying to figure things out . yeti seems to understand english pretty nicely  my copy was dubbed in english  and he knows who the good guys and bad guys are .  br    br   however  we want to see the giant yeti do his thing  and he  s pretty much in the whole movie  and in typical low  budget fashion  he seems to change size a lot depending on the scene and there  s even a bunch of the  fake legs  shots of him just standing there .  br    br   yes  the special effects aren  t the greatest  but there are definitely some good ones here . a scene where yeti smashes through a warehouse is done very well  and in another  he uses the windows of a building as  ladder steps  to climb down from the top of it  shattering each window with his foot and often shocking the occupants inside  in one sequence that really looks much  much better than it should in such a  bad  movie .  br    br    yeti  never stoops as low as say   a . p . e .  does . actually the only time it even comes close to genuine silliness is when the beautiful girl causes yeti  s nipple to become erect and he lifts his eyebrow in an  oh yeah baby  manner . but even this isn  t that bad  and kinda even gets a laugh out of the viewer .  br    br   the movie is pretty long for this kind of thing  but surprisingly enough it doesn  t get boring  the story is actually good  and just watching this utterly gorgeous actress on screen will make any male viewer happy .  br    br    yeti  may not be in the upper echelon of giant monster flicks  but it is definitely better than other king kong    rip  offs like  a . p . e .  and  queen kong  by very far .  
