i haven  t always been a fan  but the show grew on me . it wasn  t until after season  that i started to see the richness of the show . they finally brought daniel jackson  s search for his wife to an end and finally most of the go  ould system lords were killed by rival lords  sg   or others .  br    br   towards season   stargate sg    was beginning to become stale . with the new writers and the close attention by produer peter deleuise  the show became more and more solid .  br    br   the characters had become stale as well . colonel jack o  neill was the stereotypical hero with emotional baggage . after his son charlie was killed in a shooting accident with o  neill  s weapon  he had decided to end his own life by going to abydos in order to face off with the go  ould ra . the character offers little growth for any actor and actor richard dean anderson chose to play him straight raising emotional barriers to protect himself . only allowing his close friends in .  br    br   amanda tapping joined the cast as captain samantha carter . she was a feminist on the edge  ready to battle any man who would doubt her ability to do her job . though this character had little area to grow  tapping has done a great job of concentrating on carter  s strengths . she has taken the time to get a basic understanding of some of the things carter talks about in order that she can present the character intelligently .  br    br   christopher judge joined the cast playing the alien teal  c . teal  c was an alien called the jaffa . infant go  ould   snake like creatures  would embed themselves into the jaffa until they had grown to the point when it would be inserted into another life form . the jaffa would die . teal  c was the first prime of apophis  army . knowing that apophis was not a god like go  ould pretend  he realized the genocide that their armies had wreaked on the galaxy . finally  having had enough  he and jack o  neill freed their team along with quite a few innocent people . after arriving on earth  he realized that earth was the planet he was looking for  who would help him fight the go  ould . christopher judge has done quite a bit with a limited character . teal  c is a wise warrior  much of which he learned was from his teacher master bra  tac . the show would not be complete without master bra  tac played by tony amandola . he is also a rock . in the end  he became adviser to most of sg    especially daniel jackson .  br    br   don s . davil was there from the beginning playing major general george hammand . davis has done an incredible job with hammond making him sympathetic and normal . he does his job  has a wife  sons and daughters and grandchildren . you can really say  he is the anchor of the base . simply  i would die for that man . if not allowed by his superiors to provide troops to support teams off world . he will go himself . he doesn  t leave anyone behind .  br    br   i saved dr . daniel jackson for last  because this character  i believe has grown the most in the ten or eleven years it has been on . in choosing shanks i don  t think the producer realized how strong shanks would be and now when people talk about jackson  they don  t talk about spader  they talk about shanks . in the early years  the jackson character came off as a whiner . that  s why i probably wasn  t a fan . as the seasons pasted  the character became stronger . this gave him confidence . in the end  as of season    the jackson character has matured to the point that he has become a self sacrificing hero . he still monitors the groups ethics . he still is lead at providing information that can move any mission forward . acheaology  history  culture and exploration are part of his very being . he is determined . though a man of peace  he has matured to the point that using his weapons may be the only way to solve a disagreement .  br    br   other characters include  most recently vala mal doran  claudia black  and colonel cameron mitchell  ben browder   new lead of sg   . both actors come from a series called farscape and why they were put together is any bodies guess . i see little difference between mitchell and crichton  farscape character  . black  s character is simply off the wall . definitely different from her soldier like character arin soon .  
