a lot of people unfairly sh  t on this series but several of the guinea pig videos are fairly entertaining . devil  s experiment in particular has some really fantastic effects work   not just the infamous eyeball scene but also a very realistic skin slice on the foot and a hand breaking with a sledgehammer are very realistic   especially for the video  s vintage and low  budget .  br    br   let me start at the beginning now for those who don  t know this film is an  extreme  torture  fake snuff film that surfaced in japan in the mid    s . it  s plot as it stands is simple a young girl is held by a few men and forced to undergo a series of brutal tortures to see where her breaking point is . this entails brutal violence   all effectively realistic effects including the ones mentioned in the last paragraph as well as a painful looking application of hot oil to the captive girl  s arm and placing of maggots in the subsequent flaky wound .  br    br   the least effective sequences are at the very beginning of the video and consist of an unconvincing slap session where three men take turns slapping the hell out of the girl as her head falls about and a second sequence where the three men take turns kicking the girl and pushing her to the ground . these two scenes are obviously staged and detract from the realism of the rest of the proceedings .  br    br   the actress who plays the victim of the  experiment  is pretty convincing at being in pain and takes a good amount of abuse and rough stuff on camera . her reactions as she has headphones strapped to her head and loud noises are played for hours on end are chilling . some of the other abuse she takes is being strung up in a net from a tree during the only times she is given a rest . also there is a disturbing scene where the giggling captors through guts at her and one other disgustingly sleazy scene where she is spun in an office chair and forced to drink a bottle of jack daniels till she pukes .  br    br   if you haven  t seen this series i hope i have helped you decide whether or not you want to give this episode a shot .  .     for devil  s experiment .  
