i enjoyed this show for two reasons  . richard dean anderson  . amanda tapping . these two performers carried the show with able support from the regulars and recurring actors . the replacement of rda in seasons     was enough to take the heart out of the show .  br    br   the chemistry between all the main characters is just tremendous . you get the feeling that the actors like to pal around after the camera stops rolling . this relationship carries over into the program we get to see .  br    br   rda gives his  o  neill  character believable personality . he never knows when to give the wiseass in him a rest . you watch the others roll their eyes in dismay at some of his utterances . still  they know that he is the man to have around when the situation is perilous .  br    br   there is a lot going on between  carter  and  o  neill  under the surface . they manage to keep the lid on  but often just barely . the episode  solitudes  in season  had some of the best drama ever seen on television . the love between the two made the prospect of dying bearable because they faced it together .  br    br    carter  and  jackson  often have to smooth over some of the turbulence created by  o  neill  . yet  o  neill  s  tactical instincts always seem sound . he understands what to do without having to think about the matter . the team has several times been placed in jeopardy by the others not listening to his orders .  br    br   the quality declined markedly in seasons  and   . the original story arc was mostly used up and the new villains never really caught my interest . ben browder was far inferior to rda in carrying the show . he had his rare moments with claudia black  but that was all . amanda tapping was phoning in her performances these two seasons . you could see her greatly changed appearance after having a baby . she was probably thinking more about the child than the show .  br    br   the spin  off  stargate atlantis  has a few moments  but is mostly a weaker effort . the major characters lack the chemistry of the cast of the original . the villains  wraiths  are so improbable as to be ludicrous . maybe amanda tapping can breathe some life into the program or it won  t last beyond the fourth season .  br    br   there has always been a problem for me in the special effects for the show . to have spaceships shaped as pyramids is a design monstrosity seldom equaled in sci  fi . the use of torches for illumination in these ships is just as bad . the campy use of decor from ancient egypt concealing ultra  modern technology is just as hard to accept .  br    br   i wondered about some of the continuity on the show too . in the season  opener   daniel jackson  is shot up and his uniform has a gaping hole where he was wounded . he crawls into a sarcophagus and it heals his body and restores his uniform like it just came off the rack in the wardrobe closet . the episode  hathor  has a sarcophagus fall into the hands of the sgc  yet it is never mentioned again . this device could have been used in several later episodes on  daniel    o  neill   and  dr . frasier  .  
