the united states of kiss my ass   br    br   house of games is the directional debut from playwright david mamet and it is an effective and at times surprising psychological thriller . it stars lindsay crouse as best  selling psychiatrist  margaret ford  who decides to confront the gambler who has driven one of her patients to contemplate suicide . in doing so she leaves the safety and comfort of her somewhat ordinary life behind and travels downtown  to visit the lowlife place  house of games .  br    br   the gambler mike  played excellently by joe mantegna  turns out to be somewhat sharp and shifty . he offers crouse  s character a deal  if she is willing to sit with him at a game  a big money game in the backroom  he  ll cancel the patients debts . the card game ensues and soon the psychiatrist and the gambler are seen to be in a familiar line of work  gaining the trust of others  and a fascinating relationship begins . what makes house of games interesting and an essential view for any film fan is the constant guessing of who is in control  is it the psychiatrist or the con  man or is it the well  known man of great bluffs david mamet .  br    br   in house of games the direction is dull and most of the times flat and uninspiring  however in every david mamet film it is the story which is central to the whole proceedings  not the direction . in house of games this shines through in part thanks to the superb performances from the two leads  showy and distracting  but mainly as is the case with much of mamet  s work  it is the dialogue  which grips you and slowly draws you into the film . no one in the house of games says what they mean and conversations become battlegrounds and war of words . everyone bluffs and double bluffs  which is reminiscent of a poker games natural order . this is a running theme throughout the film and is used to great effect at the right moments to create vast amounts of tension . house of games can also be viewed as a class  war  division movie . with lindsay crouse we have the middle  class  well  to  do educated psychiatrist and joe mantegna is the complete opposite  the working class of america earning a living by honest  crime .  br    br   the film seduces the viewer much like crouse is seduced by mantegna and the end result is ultimately a very satisfying piece of american cinema . and the final of the film is definitely something for all to see and watch out for  it  s stunning .  br    br   an extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeated viewings .      
