i really do not know what people have against this film  but it  s definitely one of my favourites . it  s not preachy  it  s not anchored by it  s moral  it shouldn  t be controversial . it  s just god . any possible god  no matter the religion . and it  s really funny .  br    br   jim carry plays bruce nolan  a tv reporter usually stuck on the lighter side of the news  desperate to prove himself  more or less to himself  that he can be taken seriously and do a good job in an anchor job . this drive is what is slowly driving his beautiful girlfriend grace  jennifer aniston  away . when the final straws are executed  he  s quick to not laugh  but yell in the face of god  who in turn gives bruce his powers . bruce then makes his life better for himself  until he  s guilted into helping others  where he then continues to miss the point of his powers . meanwhile  his constant excitement about his own life makes him more selfish  leaving his relationship on dangerous ground .  br    br   ok  that was kinda long . but as a plot  it works well . the step  by  step fashion in which we meet the challenges of being god is much better than clustering his problems together  and is able to hide itself fairly well .  br    br   as you probably know from hearing about this movie in the first place  carrey  s pitch  perfect acting stays in character  which  luckily enough  is him   and controls and gives atmosphere to the movie scene by scene . whether they would admit it or not  the role was written or rewritten exclusively for carrey . without him  the humour would turn flat  as humour is half execution . and the humour is very good in the first place . but without carrey  it would kinda feel like a it  s a wonderful life wannabe .  br    br   jennifer aniston is great and  no matter what some may say  does not act like the only excuse for the third act . at least  you don  t think that when you see her . she gives a heartfelt performance and makes you forget you  re watching a movie  she and carrey feel very much like a real couple .  br    br   the movie feels ggooooodd  see the movie to understand   has a very nice feeling  tackles the idea appropriately and better than expected and overall should never have been called slapped together just to save carrey  s career  which wasn  t goin  anywhere .  .  
