jim carrey is back to much the same role that he played in the mask  a timid guy who is trying to get ahead in the world but who seems to be plagued with bad luck . even when he tries to help a homeless guy from being harassed by a bunch of hoodlums  and of course they have to be mexican  obviously   his good will towards his fellow man backfires . in that case  it wasn  t too hard to predict that he was about to have a handful of angry hoodlums  but i like that the movie suggests that things like that shouldn  t be ignored . i  m reminded of the episode of michael moore  s brilliant the awful truth  when they had a man lay down on the sidewalk and pretend to be dead and see who would actually stop and make sure he was okay . the results were not very promising  so it  s nice to see someone in the movies setting a good example .  br    br   jim carrey plays the part of bruce nolan  the nice guy mentioned above whose entire life seems to be falling apart . or even better  it seems to be breaking up by the blows of bad luck like an asteroid entering the atmosphere  a little metaphor that comes up when bruce miraculously finds himself a gigantic news story later in the film  . bruce is nearly   years old and all he has to show for it is a position as a news reporter of the sort that reports on such exciting news as the local bakery that  s seeking to bake the world  s biggest cookie . he  s desperate to obtain the job of head anchor at the tv station  but he loses his cool on live tv when he hears that the job went to his rival colleague . you have to love how they time the revelation of this news to him seconds before his first live report . needless to say  he loses his temper on live tv in one of the funniest scenes of the entire film .  br    br   morgan freeman delivers a fantastic performance as the man himself  displaying a god whose infinite wisdom is somewhat reflected through freeman  s massive talent as an actor . he is the kind of god who takes his job very seriously  but in such a way as to advise his followers  as well as the viewers of this movie  that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual labor in life . i love his line that some of the happiest people in the world come home smelling to high heaven at the end of the day . there are a lot of people in the world  maybe more than our share in america  who are so absorbed by their money and their possessions and their jobs and everything that they completely lost touch with the natural side of themselves as humans .  br    br   one of the biggest strengths is that the movie is able to provide great advice to people in general about improving their lives  and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewer  s religion . i  for example  tend to reject organized religion in all forms and i see god and satan to be metaphors for different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than actual figures who ever lived or continue to live . but despite the fact that i don  t believe that god exists as an entity overseeing the universe or as a janitor dressed all in white who mops the floors of his downtown office in his spare time  i was able to appreciate the messages that were delivered in this movie .  br    br   jim carrey  s movies display this fantastic evolution that ties them all together and makes the newer ones look even better just because you can see how far he  s come . if you compare bruce almighty with movies like ace ventura  both of which i loved  by the way  or a lot of what he did before he got into film  it  s amazing how far he  s come . he has moved from cheesy tv comedy to cheesy comedic films to comedies that are truly intelligent and meaningful like this film as well as others like the truman show  man on the moon  and the majestic  easily one of his greatest films ever  . jim carrey has unmistakably moved from the cheesy comedy of his past to become one of the most important comic actors working today .  br    br   jennifer aniston also once again provides an excellent addition to the movie  as she did in the side  splitting office space  as bruce  s girlfriend  who becomes increasingly exasperated by bruce  s growing stress about his life as well as his negligence to ask her to marry him . there is definitely some low  brow comedy in the film that doesn  t really fit with the importance of the film  s meaning or the quality of the delivery  such as the dog reading the newspaper on the toilet and the whole monkey scene  but it was definitely pretty nice to see ace ventura  s friend spike make a cameo appearance . as stephen king very well knows  it  s always nice to see familiar characters . it  s almost like seeing family again .  br    br   bruce is endowed with the powers of god for a given period of time so that he can understand life a bit better  and he says a lot about himself when he uses the powers only for his own purposes rather than to help all of the people who pray to him . the thing i love about this is that  like i said before  religion is absent from my life  but i was able to watch this and learn a lot about myself as well by thinking about what kinds of things i would have done had i been endowed with such powers . the movie allows us to learn vicariously this way  which empowers the message even more .  br    br   the scenes that involve the news station are easily the funniest in the entire film  such as the scene when bruce loses his temper about the anchor position  the jimmy hoffa scene  who was conveniently buried with an original birth certificate and a complete set of dental records   the scene where bruce  s rival colleague is made to go nuts on camera  and my favorites  the ones at the beginning and the end involving the local bakery  s cooking . the movie has plenty of time for carrey to deliver some excellent jokes  such as when he says to god  who reveals that he  s the janitor  the proprietor  the electrician  etc  that his christmas parties must be real bashes  and to be careful about drinking  because on of him might need a ride home  i also loved the end when he says that behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes . a little too true  and as gallagher would add  behind every great man is also an amazed mother  in  law .  br    br   bruce almighty is one of the more memorable comedies to have come out for quite a while  and is probably the only directly religious that i can remember seeing that i am anxious to buy on dvd to add to my personal collection . it is a comedy written and performed in good taste  but with enough relatively low  brow humor to keep the kids entertained . this is a meaningful comedy for the whole family  which is becoming rarer and rarer these days . in a world that is about to be flogged with yet another american pie film and another scary movie  which are only scary because of their sheer barbarous idiocy   it  s nice to see that there are still people making comedies worth watching . don  t miss this one .  
