this series is set a year after the mission to abydos in the movie stargate . it explains a lot of the stuff that the movie neglected to mention . such as  how was the stargate activated without a human computer  where did the goa  uld  ra  s race  come from  how many are there   br    br   the first episode has a retired jack o  neill  spelled with  ls  recalled to active duty by general george hammond due to an attack by the shut down stargate from apophis  a powerful goa  uld who killed four men and kidnapped one woman . we meet samantha carter  a brilliant scientist who claims that she should have gone through the stargate the first time  and is determined to go through now . we find out that daniel got married on abydos  and that there are hundreds of gate addresses that they can dial . then daniel  s wife gets captured by apophis and becomes his new queen .  br    br   it continues in the second episode where general hammond announces the formation of the sgc which includes nine teams  in which jack  s team will be sg   which consists of jack  samantha and daniel . they go to chulak  a goa  uld homeworld to rescue daniel  s wife and another one captured at abydos named ska  ra . they get captured  and just as apophis gives the order to kill them and many other prisoners  a jaffa named teal  c  first prime of apophis  saves them and goes to earth with them  where he is made part of sg   .  br    br   that was only the beginning of the adventure . in the course of the show they have gone to the past and future  gotten transported to alternate realities  swapped bodies  grown old  met alien races which include a rebel alliance of goa  uld called the tok  ra  in which samantha  s dad becomes a member  the asgard  a cute little race in which we see thor most often  he  s jack  s buddy   and avoid global disaster by the skin of their teeth countless times .  br    br   the show was recently canceled  but lasted ten seasons . in season nine  a new enemy called the ori came in flaunting brand new powers  new dangers and bringing to light new mysteries surrounding the stargate and its creators  the ancients . season nine and ten also saw the introduction to two new characters  ben browder as cameron mitchell  the new leader of sg   and claudia black as vala maldoran  a female human from another world who brings a new sense of fun to the team .  br    br   very well  produced  interesting characters  fantastic special effects and a subtle love interest between samantha and jack  this one has it all . a different way of travelling the galaxy  and different kinds of adventures  this is one show you don  t want to miss . unlock the gate and step through . you won  t regret it   
