this was a wonderful little american propaganda film that is both highly creative and openly discusses the nazi atrocities before the entire extent of the death camps were revealed . while late     and into     would reveal just how evil and horrific they were  this film  unlike other hollywood films to date  is the most brutally honest film of the era i have seen regarding nazi atrocities .  br    br   the film begins in a courtroom in the future   after the war is over  the film was made in       the war ended in may       . in this fictitious world court  a nazi leader is being tried for war crimes . wilhelm grimm is totally unrepentant and one by one witnesses are called who reveal grimm  s life since     in a series of flashbacks . at first  it appears that the film is going to be sympathetic or explain how grimm was pushed to join the nazis . however  after a while  it becomes very apparent that grimm is just a sadistic monster . these episodes are amazingly well done and definitely hold your interest and also make the film seem less like a piece of propaganda but a legitimate drama .  br    br   all in all  the film does a great job considering the film mostly stars second  tier actors . there are many compelling scenes and performances   especially the very prescient jewish extermination scene towards the end that can  t help but bring you close to tears . it was also interesting how around the same point in the film there were some super  creative scenes that use crosses in a way you might not notice at first . overall  it  s a must  see for history lovers and anyone who wants to see a good film .  br    br   fyi   this is not meant as a serious criticism of the film  but hitler was referred to as  that paper hanger  . this is a reference to the myth that hitler had once made money putting up wallpaper . this is in fact not true   previously he  d been a  starving artist   homeless person and served well in the german army in wwi . a horrible person  yes  but never a paper hanger   
