this review contains spoilers for those who are not aware of the details of the true story on which this movie is based .  br    br   the right to be presumed  innocent until proven guilty  is a basic entitlement of anyone in a civilised society but according to fred schepisi  s partisan but sadly convincing story of a famous australian murder trial  it was not granted to lindy chamberlain  accused of killing her baby . the story suggesting her innocence was unlikely  a dingo was alleged to have taken it   but those implying her guilt even more so  and there was no solid evidence against her . but the australian public was transfixed by the possibility of her guilt  and the deeply religious chamberlains appeared creepy when appearing in the media  and the media themselves  of course  were anything but innocent in this process  . so although cleared by an initial inquest  they were later prosecuted and convicted . although chamberlain was eventually released  this shamefully only followed the discovery of new evidence  proving  their innocence  something no defendants should have to produce .  br    br    a cry in the dark  is well acted throughout  especially by meryl streep  who puts on a convincing australian accent  at least to this pom  s ears  and manages keep lindy sympathetic  to us  while still conveying how she managed to become a national hate figure . the scenes where she actually gets imprisoned are simple but heartbreaking  because we believe in the characters as real .  br    br   regardless of the accuracy of its portrayal of this story  something i can  t comment on   the wider theme of this film will ring horribly true to anyone with a passing knowledge of the british popular press and its ruthless habit of appealing directly to their readership  s least charitable instincts . no legal system will ever be perfect but the current cry against asylum seekers in contemporary british tabloids comes from exactly the same pit of evil as the voices that put lindy chamberlain away . i  m not a religious man  but the bible still contains some killer lines  if you  ll excuse the pun  .  judge not lest ye be judged  is one of them .  
