spoilers following i picked up the book  evil angels  when it first came out knowing nothing of the case . just to give the press and the austrialian people a break here  i was quite far into it before i began to question the chamberlain  s guilt . the author obviously intended the reader to understand why the public jumped to the conclusions they did . john bryson told the story just as it was presented to the jurors  and picked up by the press  of the arterial spray  the actelone     plates  dr . james cameron  s certainty that the collar was cut with scissors  that a baby could not be taken whole from her clothes with the buttons still done up  bloody hand print  etc . all quite convincingly . after all  these were experts in their fields who were testifying with no apparent reason to lie  and the fact that the evidence was completely wrong wasn  t apparent to me at all . it was also highly technical evidence  difficult for a layman to understand . to this point  beyond some hearsay testimony in the trials  hardly anyone had ever heard of a dingo attacking a human people didn  t believe it was possible . the public was suspicious of the seventh day adventists  whose origins made them appear to be a cult  and all sorts of wild beliefs about them contributed to the appearance of guilt . were it not for dedicated  selfless lawyers who worked relentlessly to investigate and counter the trial testimony  finding azaria  s clothes later would not have been enough to get lindy out of jail . the book shook me for that reason  and i  ve been reluctant to come to a conclusion about anyone  s guilt ever since  excepting oj of course  . i was thrilled that a movie was going to be made about the case and don  t think it could have been done better . i  ve always liked sam  who i could identify with completely  and meryl was perfect as always . beautiful photography  haunting music . i think it  s not only a very good  but a very important  movie . too bad it didn  t receive more publicity at the time it was released .  
