this was usually producer alexander korda  s advice on set to many of his underlings the film is credited with three directors but in truth alex  zoltan korda and william cameron menzies helped out  pushing it to six .  br    br   for john kobal  s     book   the top    movies   his survey of   film critics saw the thief of bagdad reach   th place . a closer examination reveals only jose luis guarner  john russell taylor and kobal himself actually voted for the picture  but their high placings were enough to take it to near the half  way mark .  br    br   the outbreak of the second world war saw the movie  s production shifted around england and america  eventually seeing completion in     and winning three technical oscars . like citizen kane  it is in some ways perhaps a film you might admire rather than love .  br    br   the special effects  outstanding for the time  are still reasonable  and actually hold up if you squint . but it  s not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions . among them is an amusing horse  constructed out of a kit model  which  when a key is inserted up it  s rear end  begins to fly . there  s also a killer toy of the six  armed goddess kali   perhaps quite obviously a single woman with two women sitting behind her  and a quite horrific  looking giant spider . also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet . but most memorable has to be rex ingram appearing as  in a superb moment of cinematic conceit  a djinn  genie  nearly a thousand feet tall  ingram portrays the genie as quite a menacing creature  and adds an element of danger to the proceedings . and look out for the moment where he  s tricked back into his bottle   br    br   john justin does well as the arabic king who  for some strange reason  has an english accent and a stiff upper lip . sabu  the astonishingly muscled   year  old  is near  namesake abu  a likeably cocky thief . after they cross paths with the evil jaffer  conrad veidt   justin finds himself blind and abu is turned into a dog . when it seems the rest of the film will be told in flashback through the blind ahmed  s  justin  s  perspective  we find that halfway through the movie we catch up to the present and the adventure continues . in truth  the second half is someway the better  being full of greater incident and more fantastical in nature .  br    br   three small songs pepper the piece  though as the film lasts for    minutes this feels more like mild flavouring rather than a real ingredient i wouldn  t classify this as a musical . it  s all great fun justin and june duprez are the love interest for the mums and dads  veidt is the boo  hiss villain  and abu is the youthful  irrepressible robber . it may take a while to get into the somewhat dated mindset and overblown melodrama of   s english movies  but once you  ve sat through the first half an hour or so this film really draws you in . quite commendable .  
