i have seen this film several times  and watched it today  on tcm  solely because of geraldine fitzgerald . she is a much underrated actress and i have to admit i have had a crush on her since i first saw her  probably in  wuthering heights    or more years ago  . the real star in this movie  however  is paul lukas  and he deserved all the accolades he got . he makes it clear  whether we like it or not  that the end justifies the means . naziism had to be stopped  and anything that helped do it was good . he gave his children a line about being bad  and that they should not be bad  but as he said earlier when conversing with adults  he would do this sort of thing again without hesitation . lukas did give an excellent portrayal of a man caught in this situation  and made it clear that what he did was a very hard thing to do .  br    br   some people think his victim was a nazi  but i don  t think so  i think he was only after the money . his nazi associates knew this and that is why they did not have much use for him .  br    br   one interesting point in the film  and presumably also in the play  is the fact that muller  lucas  is a german . while the anti german hysteria of wwi was not repeated in wwii  there was considerable anti  german sentiment and some germans were interred similar to what happened in california with people of japanese ancestry . it was something of an act of bravery for hellman to write a play about good germans at this time  maybe she thought they were the ones who signed the nazi  soviet pact   . after all  the us and british air forces were bombing german cities and having no qualms about killing innocent civilians . i think  however  that the dresden bombing and firestorm happened later  after  watch on the rhine  was released .  br    br   the title is something of a play on words  as the  watch  is looking west  from germany . in fact  watch am rhein was a german army marching song  used in wwii  but the nazis had their own marching song that was used as well . but muller is a german and he is engaged in his own  wach am rhein  .  br    br   all the other actors did an excellent job here although bodo was too much there are children like him . i am surprised he did not give his father  s secret away . in real life  he may very well have done so .  
