  the movie tells the tale of a prince whose life is wonderful  but after an evil wizard tells him to go into town disguised as a beggar the wizard then locks up the prince and soon becomes the shadow ruler of baghdad . the jailed prince meets a thief called abu who helps him escape the jail and head to a town called basra where he meets a princess who he falls madly in love with  but unbeknown to him the evil wizard jafa is also in love with the princess and tries to convince her father to allow him to marry her . jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the girls heart so he makes him blind and turns abu into a dog . this leads to the prince and abu going off on an adventure to find a way to defeat jafa  restore peace to baghdad and marry the princess . during their journey they encounter everything from sarcastic genies that takes abu on a flight through the clouds  a giant spider that  s really hungry  and a flying horse that probably gives birth to one of the most beautiful sequence these old eyes of mine have ever seen .  br    br    this is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish it has flying horses  genies  flying carpets  and wizards that can actually do magic instead of just hit people with their staffs . it doesn  t have any cheesy moments and the love story isn  t a waste of time . the production designs are just stunning in this movie . from the palaces to the different dangerous traps that the heroes encounter . even though this movie is over   years old  the production design is far better than most of the crap that gets tacked on in today  s cinema . the music and songs are also well done . anyone who sees it will no doubt hail   i want to be a sailor sailing on the seas  as one of the great musical moments in movies . i  m usually not a huge fan of singing in movies since i find them about as enjoyable as doing my taxes but i  ll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie .  br    br    what sells the movie for me is the sheer fact that you get to see things you don  t see in everyday life which is also the same reason why i love stuff like  two towers  and  silent hill  . way before today  s modern fantasy movie came along with their realistic cgi to blow our minds there was this movie which blew your mind without having green screen scattered all over the place . one of my favorite shots in  two towers  is the one where we see the trolls opening the black gates  the main appeal of that shot for me was seeing these great fantasy beings doing what is essentially manual labor  and that  s what i love about the genie and other creatures in the movie . they  re just there trying to make a living just like everyone else which gives them a real feel even though they  re all just fantasy beings .  br    br    it  s literally impossible to watch this movie and not notice where the makers of  aladdin  got their inspiration . the characters from this movie are pretty much the same characters in that movie from the talkative genie right down to the flying carpet . it  s not an entirely bad thing in my eyes since it  s nice to know that i  m not the only one on the planet that has a deep passionate love for this amazing movie . i first saw this as a kid in the motherland and thought it was the greatest thing in the world and upon watching it again last week i still think it  s amazing . that  s a true testament that a great movie can withstand the test of time . sure  the effects look a wee bit outdated and cheesy but it was made way back in the    s so give it a break . not everything looks outdated though since most of the stuff can still hold its own today when scrutinized under today  s standard .  br    br    if you ever wanted to see a live action version of  aladdin  then you should get your wish with this but the angry cynical bunch will probably do good in avoiding this since this won  t be their cup of tea .  
