the story  line of  the thief of bagdad  is complex  owing to its being told in flashbacks and having three separate and equally important strands woven together . the screenplay by lajo biros and the dialogue by miles malleson keep the story moving skillfully at all points . the young king ahmad of bagdad is angry at his vizier jaffar for executing a man for having different ideas . he discovers while in disguise that people blame him for jaffar  s deeds and hate him . he is imprisoned by jaffar  where he meets abu the young thief . the two escape and take a boat to the city of basra . there the companions spy when men clear the way so none will see the princess of the city passing by . ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden . he tells her he has come to her from beyond time and wins a kiss . then he is captured . when jaffar comes to win the princess of basra for himself  ahmad attacks the evil vizier who blinds him and turns abu into a dog . jaffar then asks for the princess  s hand  and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the sultan of basra . the blind ahmad then tells his tale in the marketplace  accompanied by abu as his dog . the prince has fallen into a sleep and nothing can wake her . so jaffar sends his servant halima for ahmad and the dog  in hopes the prince can rouse her . he does awaken her . she boards a ship to find a doctor to cure ahmad  but she is captured by jaffar who then throws the dog overboard . she then allows jaffar to take her in his arms  on his promise to restore ahmad  s sight and turn abu back into a thief . the princess sees a vision of ahmad he is in a boat jaffar sends a storm to beset him and abu is shipwrecked on a deserted island . abu finds a genie or djinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries spent imprisoned in a bottle . abu tricks him into proving he really came from so small a vessel  then corks him in again . for freeing him  he gets three wishes . his first is for sausages . in the meanwhile  the princess pleads with her father to refuse jaffar but jaffar shows the sultan a new mechanical toy  one of whose six arms stabs him to death . abu makes a second wish  to find ahmad . the cunning genie flies him to the goddess of the all  seeing eye . abu has to climb a great web to get to the gem that is the eye  battling a giant spider  then scaling the goddess  s statue . abu gazes into the  eye  and sees ahmad in a canyon . he has the genie take him to ahmad . ahmad uses the eye to see the princess . she smells a flower and forgets everything at once . abu wishes they were in bagdad  but the genie laughs and leaves jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him  omitting mention of ahmad . ahmad tries to fight his way to the princess  but jaffar smashes the  eye  . abu finds himself in the  land of legend   where the old men who rule want to make him their king . he steals a bow and a magic carpet and escapes instead  to hurry to save ahmad and the princess . the thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner  using his bow from the flying carpet  to the wonder of the throng who had come to watch the execution . jaffar tries to flee on the mechanical flying horse  but another shot from the bow finishes him . ahmad is ruler again and plans to wed his princess but when he tries to make abu his vizier  the young thief refuses  saying that what he wants is adventure  not hard work and confinement in a palace however grand it may be . this fantastic story was given a sumptuous production by producer alexander korda . the production was designed by vincent korda who was also art director  while georges perinal did the colorful cinematography . the directors credited are ludwig berger and michael powell  with tim whelan  alexander korda  william cameron menzies and zoltan korda participating . the extraordinary and numerous costumes designs were the work of john armstrong  oliver messel and marcel vertes . the production  apart from its gorgeous and expensive  looking visual splendors  i claim is dominated by two other elements  the choral music of miklos rozsa and the performance by conrad veidt as the evil jaffar . rex ingram plays the genie with a curious accent  plus his usual intelligence and power . june duprez is lovely and effective as the princess mary morris is a sad and beautiful halima  and miles malleson a properly bumbling and avaricious sultan . as ahmad  john justin appears to do most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love and then some he is memorably good in his winning role . this film has a spaciousness about it that is found  i assert  in other korda works also . its imaginative content stands in contrast to very  strong realistic sets  costumes and set  design elements . this is one of the most memorable idea  level fantasies of all time  worthy to be enjoyed over and over .  
