an utterly beautiful film  one of a handful of i saw when young that entranced me then and still do  in thief  s case the impression actually seems to get better with the passing of time . by the     s my daughter and i had seen it many times on tv but still went to the pictures when it came to the local art  house cinema  when it had finished we came out starry eyed with heads full of poetry and miklos rozsa  s stirring music wishing it could have lasted a couple of hours longer and thinking what a beautiful world it suddenly was again .  br    br   idealistic prince ahmad wants to slum it amongst his people for a while to check things out  but evil vizier jaffar takes his chance to imprison him and seize the throne . after escaping with a little thief played by sabu  ahmad spots a princess and they fall blindingly in love  along the way they have many adventures  although apparently not enough for sabu   and love not only conquers but annihilates everything . the special effects must have been mesmerising in      but time has taken its toll and lessened their impact especially since digital cartoonery has taken over even live action  but they still hold up well compared against films like superman from   years later . anyway  if i  m requested to suspend disbelief in gargantuan guffawing genies  flying horses and carpets i also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects  favourite bits the dreamy scene in the sunlit garden when ahmad reveals himself and adelaide hall  s suitably romantic song the stunning colours in the tent in the land of legend  in fact  the stunning colours throughout sabu and rozsa  s triumphant but still wistful finale . conrad veidt played the baddie in two of the most incredible movie romances ever  this and casablanca  and then died . john justin and june duprez were great in the leading roles of lovers  both of them slightly and refreshingly stilted  but the parts didn  t call for a huge range of emotions only pure love mattered .  br    br   there  s a couple of mildly violent images in it  but rest assured this is a glorious feelgood experience with a     positive message  it  s only a pity that nowadays little kids don  t watch this instead of the porn they prefer . one of my top   film favourites  i can  t recommend this too much  may it be shown to the end of time .  
