abu  the thief of bagdad  helps king ahmed regain his kingdom from a wicked sorcerer .  br    br   as europe was going to war and significant sections of the world was going up in flames  sir alexander korda  s london films unveiled this lavish escapist fare from the legends of the arabian nights . replete with swords  sorcery  it gave audiences in     a short respite from the headlines . it also is a fine piece of film making  featuring good acting and an intelligent script .  br    br   conrad veidt gets top billing and he deserves it  playing the evil magician jaffar . his saturnine face with its piercing eyes makes one recall the macabre roles he played with such relish during silent days . here is a villain worth watching . as the boyish thief  sabu is perfectly cast in this  his third film . while not a hero in the typical sense of the word  his character is certainly heroic in deed  action .  br    br   the rest of the cast do fine work . john justin is both energetic  sensitive as the unenlightened king who must learn about the realities of live the hard way sabu gets a significant part of the action  when he  s not transformed into a dog  but justin is appropriately athletic when needs must . lovely june duprez plays the endangered princess of basra  coveted by two very different men . appearing late in the film  massive rex ingram shakes things up as a genie with an attitude .  br    br   allan jeayes uses his fine voice to good advantage as the storyteller . miles malleson gets another eccentric role as the childlike sultan of basra  forever dithering on about his mechanical toys  malleson was also responsible for the film  s screen play  dialogue  . aged morton selten portrays the benevolent king of legend . mary morris  later an exceptional stage actress  plays the dual roles of jaffar  s accomplice and the six  armed silver dancer .  br    br   the film was begun in britain  but wartime difficulties made korda move it to southern california  which probably explains the presence of american ingram in the cast . the art direction  in vibrant technicolor  is most attractive  especially the fairy tale architecture in blues  whites  pinks .  br    br     br    br   born sabu dastagir in      sabu was employed in the maharaja of mysore  s stables when he was discovered by korda  s company and set before the cameras . his first four films  elephant boy       the drum       the thief of bagdad       jungle book       were his best and he found himself working out of hollywood when they were completed . after distinguished military service in world war ii he resumed his film career  but he became endlessly confined for years playing ethnic roles in undistinguished minor films  black narcissus       being the one great exception . his final movie  walt disney  s a tiger walks       was an improvement  but it was too late . sabu had died of a heart attack in late      only   years of age .  
