the story of the boy thief of bagdad  as it was once spelled  has attracted filmmakers from raoul walsh in      who starred douglas fairbanks in the first  silent  rendering of  thief of bagdad   to less imposing  more recent attempts . the best  however  remains      s version which for its time was a startling  magical panoply of top quality special effects . those effects still work their charm .  br    br   no less than six directors are listed for the technicolor movie which starred sabu as the boy thief  abu  john justin as the dreamily in love deposed monarch  ahmad and june duprez as the lovely princess sought by ahmad and pursued by the evil vizier  jaffar  played by a sinister conrad veidt . the giant genie is ably acted by rex ingram .  br    br   ahmad is treacherously deposed by jaffar and when later arrested by that traitorous serpent  he and the boy  abu  suffer what are clearly incapacitating fates . ahmad is rendered blind and abu becomes a lovable mutt . their adventures through the gaily decorated hollywood backlots are fun but the special effects make this film work .  br    br   two men were responsible for everything from a magic flying carpet to the gargantuan genie who pops out of a bottle with a tornado  like black swirl lawrence w . butler and tom howard .  howard  incidentally  did the special effects for the     version of this film . both men had long and distinguished careers in technical wizardry .   br    br   duprez is outstandingly lovely while little called on for serious acting . justin  s ahmad projects a driven but dreamy romanticism untouched by erotic impulses . sabu is really the central actor in many scenes and he  s very good . for a movie meant for kids as well as adults there  s a fair amount of violence but of the bloodless kind . still  i don  t think anyone under eight ought to see  thief of bagdad .   br    br   this film makes periodic appearances on tv but today my teenage son and i saw it in a theater with quite a few youngsters present . it was great to see computer  besotted kids in an affluent community respond with cheers and applause to special effects that must seem primitive to them .  br    br    thief of bagdad  is a pre  war hollywood classic from a time when strong production values often resulted in enduringly attractive and important releases . this is one of the best of its kind .  br    br       .  
