i bought the dvd of before sunset and saw it for the first time a week ago . having saw it twice  i couldn  t help but missing before sunrise  not because the sequel was not as great  but i felt that these two movies completed each other like no other sequels ever did  every time i finished watching one of them  i feel the need and yearning to see the other . so  i ended up spending the weeks watching both of them repeatedly  i will be quite embarrassed to mention how many times exactly . the most remarkable thing about before sunrise is how you feel the development of the feelings of their characters towards each other . it sounds so simple  the growing of the chemistry  i think other romantic films might think that they succeed to track the development  but to me  who doesn  t believe in nora ephron  before sunrise is the first film to really gives the viewers chance to feel it . when i saw it for the first time  about  year ago when i was    i already liked it . but  i didn  t rate it as a  great film   it still seemed to me like another thinking persons  feel good movie  linklater was too smart to make it more realistic  it was   minutes too long  the characters was too well fabricated  i thought i liked it because it was like a dream and because i enjoyed their conversations  etc . etc . . but now  thanks to before sunset  i feel that  s more to before sunrise than what i felt for it before . i saw the elements more clearly jesse  celine  vienna  their conversations  everything . how each of them are separated element by itself  and they have a chance to mix  the story is just a frame of time  i am no longer feel manipulated . and the freedom that every scene has  as well as its refusal to be overly efficient  how blind i was that those qualities didn  t strike me as exceptional when i first saw it  now   year have passed  the more movies i  ve seen  the more i realize that many movies are just collections of ordered scenes that only exist for the sake of its ending  even movies like pulp fiction or linklaters  s own slackers included . the jesse and celine tale avoid that  maybe before sunset is a better example in this case  but before sunrise is also one of few films that its ending is just a consequence of time  not a destination  every single scene has its own life . i don  t know whether linklater or anyone else had a sequel in mind when they made before sunrise  but to me  one of the most amazing things about these sequels are how these two films visually contrast each other . before sunrise which i think employs more static angels and brighter color schemes  seems to try to capture the smallest atoms of liveliness surrounding jesse and celine  the world is always full of hope whether or not the characters feel it . meanwhile  i enter the vision of boredom as jesse stuck talking to the journalists in before sunset  and celine  s first smile from behind the shelves are the most heartbreaking smile i  ve seen in a beginning of a film  and the many moving shots after that takes me to a place i don  t know with a sadness in me  no matter how beautiful paris is  and no matter how happy i am that they meet again . i  m sorry that i go on this long with my limited english  before sunrise is already an extraordinary film without me pouring my scattered thoughts  and it gets even better with an equally great sequel following it .  
