since musicals have both gone out of fashion and are incredibly expensive to make without all the talent needed to make one under contract to a studio  i doubt we will ever get a real life story of enrico caruso .  br    br   but if everything else was in place it was no accident that no hollywood studio attempted the task until metro  goldwyn  mayer had mario lanza under contract . no one else could have done it  i doubt whether it will ever be tried again .  br    br   and why should it . i think enrico caruso himself would have been satisfied as to how his singing was portrayed on screen . for his tenor voice was his life  his reason for being on the earth .  br    br   to say that liberties were taken with his life is to be modest . caruso  like the man who portrayed him  was a man of large appetites although with a lot more self discipline . he had numerous relationships with several women and fathered two out of wedlock sons who are not in this film .  br    br   his contribution to the recording industry is treated as almost an afterthought . he  s shown in a recording studio once late in his life . actually he started recording right around the turn of the last century and together with irish tenor john mccormack for rca victor made the recording industry what it became .  br    br   when caruso and mccormack were at their heights you had to practically inherit a ticket to see either of them perform live . but a lot of immigrant italian and irish families had a phonograph and a record or three of either of these men . it  s why both became the legends that they are .  br    br   what the film does have is some beautifully staged operatic arias done by mario lanza  a taste of what he might have become had he the discipline of a caruso to stick to opera . the great caruso won an oscar for sound recording and received nominations for costume and set design .  br    br   mario himself helped popularize the film with an rca red seal album of songs from the great caruso . unfortunately due to contractual obligations we couldn  t get an actual cast album with ann blyth  dorothy kirsten  and jarmila novotna also .  br    br   though blyth sang it in the film  lanza had a big hit recording of the loveliest night of the year further helping to popularize the great caruso .  br    br   if you  re looking for a life of enrico caruso  this ain  t it . if you are looking for a great artist singing at the height of his career  than you should not miss the great caruso .  
