when i saw this movie in the theater when it came out in     via a free advanced screening  i was totally enchanted and would have gladly paid to see it . i was sorry when i talked to many people afterwards who had also seen it and who were totally disappointed with it and how it ended . i  on the other hand  felt completely the opposite . i was totally satisfied with the outcome and everything else . people i talked to said there was too much talking  plus they were unhappy because they felt that the ending left you wondering about the fate of the two characters . i found these observations to be absurd and to also be painful evidence of how the majority of the american movie  going public seems to have a tendency to want easy  to  follow stories in films with not too much complex and intelligent dialogue lest they get confused . they also like to be spoon  fed tidy endings   happy or sad . this disgusts me . nobody wants to be challenged anymore    and as for the ending  and i don  t want to be a spoiler   i am totally content because i know in my heart that these two characters will see each other again . it  s all about your own personal faith in romance and destiny . it  s a very personal film that doesn  t speak to all people . but it certainly spoke to me . give it a chance  be patient with it  richard linklater has crafted a very lovely film with a beautiful story set against the beautiful background of the city of vienna . watching it makes you feel as if you yourself are strolling through the city streets along with the characters . as if you yourself were tripping through europe on a eurail pass . it  s very intimate . plus  ethan hawke and julie delpy do an exquisite job of bringing the complex script to life . they must have improvised during some parts and it works well . they have a great chemistry in their roles . their awkwardness as strangers getting to know each other in the beginning is very believable and you can truly feel the romance and bonding develop between them as the movie progresses . i get the feeling that this was a very personal work for mr . linklater and i deeply respect him for getting this film made . it definitely touched me and i hope it touches others just as much . bravo for romance     
