after a chance encounter on the train  a young couple spends a single night strolling the streets of vienna  discussing life and love . the primary reason to see  before sunrise   is to watch a young julie delpy deliver her lines . as  celine   this sexy  brainy  soulful brown  eyed blond is sort of a cross between brigitte bardot and joni mitchell as they were in their mid  twenties . risking overstatement  celine is practically the ideal woman  unusually beautiful and very feminine while being natural  unpretentious  introspective  and selflessly loving . we can easily forgive that she is a bit eccentric and talks a blue streak  for her sincere  intelligent remarks are occasionally penetrating . further  her varied expressions are nothing short of captivating and she speaks english with a french accent that is very endearing .  br    br   if there is a fly in the ointment of this good movie  it would have to be her unkempt and disheveled costar . ethan hawke as  jessie  comes off like a vaguely appealing slob  sort of a maynard g . krebs of the nineties . attempting to appear detached and nonchalant  he sort of drags himself through certain shots . his pants fit poorly  his tee shirt is coming untucked  his wavy dark hair  his most attractive feature  needs a good washing  and someone really should have showed him how to properly trim his youthful goatee . nevertheless  he is supposed to represent an unwashed youth on a two  week train ride around europe  so the look he has cultivated is probably pretty genuine . his oft  cynical observations and wry sense of humor seem to impress the unapologetically romantic celine  although she is occasionally disturbed by the extent of his alienation . when he finally admits to her that he is utterly sick of himself and likes being near her because he feels like a different person in her presence  we know he is getting somewhere .  br    br   after blowing their collective funds on a series of cafes  bars  and silly diversions  they agree that because they may never see one another again  they should make the most of it . jesse bums a bottle of red wine off a sentimental bartender so that he and his newfound lady love may repair to a local park in the middle of the night to lie on the grass  looking up at the moon and the stars and watching the sun come up .  br    br   given his boundless luck in the romance department  it is especially irksome when jessie  as the very definition of a naive jerk  foolishly allows this wonderful young lady to slip from his grasp . he contents himself with a half  baked plan  quickly devised at the railroad station when he bids her adieu  to reunite at the same spot in half a year . when the appointed time comes  you just know this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved with another  perhaps even married and pregnant . for whatever reason  she probably won  t show  while jesse  who ends up working at target or  if he  s lucky  the local library  will go back to vienna  desperate to see her again  only to wind up alone .  br    br   despite what for me was a very discouraging conclusion   before sunrise  is a beautiful movie . i highly recommend both it and the sequel   before sunset .   
