before sunrise has many remarkable things going on  almost too many to fit into one review like this  but it  s suffice to say that it  s one of the most observant character studies of the nineties  maybe even in all of contemporary cinema  to be observant not about love  per  say  so much as it  s about a human connection . how does one fall in love at first sight  no one does  at least that  s deep down the consensus that linklater wants to show with his film . and yet there is the possibility of as intense a connection  of a bond that can form in those that are young and with many ideas that can be expressed articulately and with a breadth of cynicism and is somehow very tender and true at the same time . linklater here gives us the story of celine and jessie  a french girl and an american boy who get off the same train heading to vienna  and on the way there start to talking about things  at first arbitrary  then personal  jessie seeing death for the first time in his great grandfather  . jessie persuades celine to go along with him on a night out on the  town   in vienna  until his plane the next morning .  br    br   before sunrise gives jessie and celine  in the midst of the gorgeous vienna scenery and locales to go on and on about subjects that have a lot of importance  and in a sense is about the act of having conversations  of what it  s like to watch people having one leading into another and another . here it  s often about relationships and commitments  as jessie and celine tell stories sometimes somewhat inconsequential  or seemingly so  and another that may tell a lot about their essential qualities . we hear confessions of desires for other loves  or what weren  t really loves  of being part of a family or part of an upbringing that may or may not inform how you  ll love your life  of what it means to believe or not believe in some religious form  or just to have some connection to any faith and the soul  i loved the bit about the quakers in the church   and sometimes laced with cynicism or skepticism . jessie may be more responsible for that last part  but what  s fascinating about the film is that it  s never exactly cynical itself  just commenting upon cynicism that lays in the concerns of men and women at that age of their lives .  br    br   meanwhile  it  s always great to see ethan hawke and julie delpy in these roles  where they  re not incessantly annoying in that   s generation  x mode  but are the kinds of people where if not in the central conceit of the film  which isn  t a bad one at all but a necessary one  one might think to find walking along the streets of a city somewhere . the conceit is that of an old romantic picture ala brief encounter  only here intimacy is expressed in the central characters either between each other  where sweet asides are actually acceptable   i have to tell you a secret   jessie says  and then leans in for a kiss  ho  ho   or in the little moments that pop up with other people along the way . i loved the scene with the poet  where it  s very cinematic a thing to suddenly find a random romantic bit player in the midst of a romantic picture with such beautiful words at his disposal  or with the palm reader and how the reactions from jessie and celine are that we might share  but really are seeing them do it first  hand . all the while hawke and delpy embody the roles interestingly  we can see how neuroses are being formed already for their adult lives  as it may lead off into the future . . .  br    br   featuring splendid cinematography and a script with an ear for natural wit and a true sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness  however self  contained  as it may lead into something more . who  s to say you can  t suddenly be attached to someone  if only for less than   hours  and be that much more attached than a married couple  this is perhaps linklater  s thesis  but there  s more to it than just that . it  s a very dense film  and one that will have me calling back to it repeatedly . one scene especially  which is both cheesy and brilliant is when the two of them are talking  on the phone  in front of each other mimicking their expositions might go to the other  s friend . a  
