before sunrise is romance for the slacker generation . richard linklater  s romantic drama is an offbeat telling of a dream come true for most people . the film depicts romance in all it  s glory  but without any of the pitfalls that befall most couples and in short the film is about two people that have a relationship that  s as close to perfection as relationships will ever come to  with just one problem  the problem of time . while most relationships wind down with time  this one keeps going strong throughout and time itself is the only thing that wears out . before sunrise is certainly not the typical sentimental  hollywood romance   which is another aspect that puts this film leagues ahead of the pretenders . the story follows two people  jesse an american and celine a french girl that meet on a train into vienna . they instantly connect  and after telling her his awful idea for a television show and almost getting off the train  jesse asks celine to join him for the day in the picturesque city of vienna . . .  br    br   before sunrise works principally for two reasons  realistic acting and an immense script that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and thus allows us to get to know them as we do the people in real life . this allows the characters to be free  and it  s easy to believe that these are real people and not just actors working from a script . this also allows us to feel for the characters for who they are  and not merely because they  re the protagonists . this kind of realism is hard to capture as  at the end of the day  we as the audience know that they  re watching a film and not observing real life but before sunrise represents one of the truest to life exhibitions of realism ever to be seen on screen . a truly great script cannot work on it  s own  and needs great actors to deliver it to an extent that does it justice  and although i  m not a fan of either julie deply or ethan hawke on viewing this film  there is nothing you can do but give them both respect . i don  t know whether they were in character or just playing themselves  but when a film is this good it hardly matters .  br    br   in a film like this  it is the writing that  s the most important thing  and contained within the script are several observations about life  most of which i personally could relate to . this represents what richard linklater has achieved with this script as not only does it create and build the characters  but it also manages to expose what true love is  along with several other aspects of life . the fact that not all the anecdotes are relatable to me personally again represents the brilliance of writing . everyone is different  and so different parts of the script will appeal to different people . there could be certain aspects about one person that one person loves and another hates and that  s the case with the musings in this script . adding to the beauty of the film is the city of vienna . the city itself isn  t really important to the film as this is a story that could have taken place just about anywhere  but it makes for some lovely visuals and the upbeat  energetic romance that blossoms throughout the movie is matched by the beauty of the location .  br    br   before sunrise is simultaneously beautiful and captivating . richard linklater has created something that is rare in the world of cinema a film that captures the beauty of life without ever going over the top or being overly sentimental . before sunrise is what it is . and what it is  is pure cinematic brilliance .  
