lillian hellman  one of america  s most famous women playwrights  was a woman with a mission . her leftist views were not well regarded at the time in the country . in her memoir  she recounts her trip to the then  soviet union  as she was intrigued with the so called successes achieved by that system .  watch on the rhine  must have come as a result of those years . the left wing in america  as all over the world had an issue with the rise of fascism  not only in europe  but in japan as well .  br    br    watch on the rhine  was a play produced on broadway eight months before the pearl harbor attack by the japanese . in it ms . hellman was heralding america  s entrance in world war ii . the adaptation is credited to ms . hellman and dashiell hammett  her long time companion . as directed for the screen by herman shumlin  the film was well received when it premiered in     .  br    br   we are introduced to the muller family  when the film opens . they are crossing the border to the united states from mexico . they are to continue toward mrs . muller  s home in washington  d . c .  where her mother  fanny farrelly  is a minor celebrity hostess . the mullers  we realize are fleeing europe because of the persecution there against the opponents of the advancing totalitarian regime in germany . in fact  we thought  in a way  the mullers could have been better justified if they were jewish  fleeing from a sure extermination .  br    br   we find out that mr . muller has had a terrible time in his native land  as well as in other places because his outspokenness in denouncing fascim . little does he know that he is coming to his mother  in  law  s house that is housing one of the worst exponents of that philosophy .  br    br   the film offers excellent acting all around . it is a curiosity piece because of bette davis  supporting role . paul lukas  repeating his broadway role  is quite convincing as kurt muller  the upright man that wants to make a better world for himself and his family . mr . lukas does a great job portraying kurt muller  repeating the role that made him a stage luminary on broadway .  br    br   the other best performance is by lucile watson  who plays fanny farrelly  the matriarch of this family . geraldine fitzgerald is seen as marthe de brancovis  a guest of the farrellys  married to the contemptible teck de brancovis  a nazi sympathizer  played by george coulouris . beulah bondi  donald woods  and the rest of the supporting cast give good performances guided by mr . shumlin .  br    br   the film should serve as a reminder about the evils of totalitarian rule  no matter where .  
