when i found the movie in the schedule for christmas  its title did not sound familiar to me since i have not read the novel and had not heard anything about the film . yet  having read the content  i decided to spend my christmas evening on watching the movie . the effect surprised me totally i do not remember when i last saw a film in which every single moment involved me . a vow to cherish is  without any doubt  one of the movies that now constitutes a real surprise i have received from cinema . here are some arguments of mine why i consider this film a highly underrated piece of good cinema .  br    br   first  the entire content is particularly educational . it has something to offer to the modern audience  pure right faith and some answers for the universal questions . is there a need for christ in our times  does love still matter  what for is there faith  what is the logics of burden and suffering in life  is there really someone by my side i can always trust  the movie provides the answers through the content since all that happens to the characters may as well happen to any of us .  br    br   second  the movie is exceptionally humane . the main characters experience inner struggles and cope with extremely hard decisions . is it better for kyle david denman  and teri  megan paul  to start their own lives and forget about the family or retain the values they were taught at home  is it better for john  ken howard  to leave ellen  barbara babcock   his sick wife  and start a new happy life with julia  donna bullock   a woman he falls in love with  in fact  ellen no longer recognizes him . . . yet  he decides to vow his wife eternal fidelity . had john  s rebellious brother  phil  d . david morin   better go on his easy life although it does not bring him satisfaction or once start to think seriously of his life . phil  s prayer to god in the park is a psychological masterwork of universal aspect of humanity . these words could be as well said by everybody no matter of where  when or how they live .  br    br   third  the movie is a great portrayal of family  not very popular nowadays there are problems  yet  there is always something more powerful that gets these people together . this  something  is love and trust . i know that it may seem a bit idealistic . not all families can rely on fidelity and it may not be as simple as that . nevertheless  it is a very educational aspect and a realistic one .  br    br   fourth  the entire film focuses on people  s mutual help . if we want to live happy lives in our society  we must understand one thing we have to help one another . alexander  ossie davis  is an example of such attitude . at the beginning of the movie  we see him talk to john about praying . later  he helps his brother . alexander is a kinda  angel  that is sent to john and his family . isn  t it possible that we may become angels to one another   br    br   fifth  the artistic features are also worth attention . performances barbara babcock gives an authentic performance as ellen and although she has a difficult role  she does a perfect job . consider  for instance  the moment she appears at school and badly wants to teach again . ken howard is also memorable as the faithful husband . picture the most memorable for me was the scene of john and ellen in the park walking on the fallen leaves  autumn  while the sunshine  love  spreads everywhere . i interpreted as a sort of symbol even if there is sorrow  this can always be illuminated by light and joy . . .  br    br   a vow to cherish is a wonderful movie that realistically showed to me what it means to love  what fidelity is as well it once again proved to me how beautiful it is to live and believe . at the end  i would like to quote the profound words from the movie i found very touching and hope you will also do  br    br   kyle to his uncle phil yes  he  john brighton  lives according to the bible . but nobody forces you to do so . yet  according to what rules do you live   
