i  ll tell you a tale of the summer of     . a friend and i attended a canada day concert in barrie  and it was a who  s who of the top canadian bands of the age . we got there about  am  waited in line most of the morning  and when the doors opened at  am  we were among the first inside the gates . we then waited and waited in the hot sun  slowly broiling but we didn  t care  because the headliners were among our favourites . at one point  early in the afternoon  i sat down and dozed off with my back to the barrier . i was awakened to my shock and dismay by a shrieking girl wearing a rheostatics t  shirt . this is the reason i have hated the rheostatics to this day . there  s nothing reasonable  nor taste  determined  nor really anything except their fandom . snotty of me  isn  t it  so  i  in my hatred of the band  have denied myself the delight that is whale music .  br    br   desmond howl had it all . it  s hard to say what he  s lost  since he lives in a fantastic mansion wedged between the ocean and the mountains  the bc region where the movie was shot is breathtaking  . the life most of us dream of is dismantled by dreams  phantoms  and his own past  until the day a teenaged criminal breaks in . . . and  trite as it sounds  breaks him out .  br    br   canadian cinema suffers from several problems . generally  a lack of money  as well as an insufferable lack of asking for help  as if somehow the feature would cease to be canadian  leads to lower production values than american or british films  and most people don  t like to watch anything that sounds or looks like  well  not like an american film . next  canadian screenwriters often seem so caught up in being weird that they lose sight of how to tell a good story  and tell it well . third  they seem to think that gratuitous nudity  often full  frontal  makes something artistic . i  m sure anyone who watches enough canadian movies  especially late at night on the cbc  knows exactly what i  m talking about . it  s almost like a  don  t do this  handbook exists out there somewhere and canadian film  makers threw it out a long time ago .  br    br   in the   s and   s  however  some films  such as bruce mcdonald  s work and the brilliant c . r . a . z . y .  have broken this mold  and managed to maintain what makes them canadian  while holding onto watchable production values and great stories . whale music is such a film  on the surface . deeper than just its canadian  isms  it  s a deeply moving story of a man who  s lost his grip  through grief and excess  who is redeemed by music then by love . and that redeems even the rheostatics .    
