well  i guess i  m emotionally attached to this movie since it  s the first one i went to see more than   times in the cinema . . . helping me through my master  s thesis  or rather keeping me from working on it   br    br   but on watching it again several years  and many many movies  later  what a well  crafted little gem this is  i  ve never seen gwyneth paltrow in a more convincing performance  and jeremy northam is the perfect mr knightley  where does one meet such a man       sigh    sophie thompson  s turn as ms bates is virtuoso acting of the finest  oh  napkins  sorry   and the rest of the cast is no disappointment either  toni colette brings a lot of muriel to her harriet  and ewan mcgregor is convincingly charming  and alan cumming and juliet stevenson are the perfect  impossible  couple   br    br   of course the sets and costumes  and the beautiful soundtrack contribute a lot to the feelgood  almost hobbiton  like atmosphere of the movie  although as far as cinematography and art decoration go  it  s almost a case of visual overload . very very pretty  but a little more austerity might have conveyed a better sense of period . but the good thing is  the movie doesn  t take itself too seriously  and there is plenty of fun  and some pretty cool editing  that keep it from sinking into saccharine merry old england mode .  br    br   my particular favorite is the ball scene  some beautiful acting and directing here  and the concluding dance summarizes the relationship between emma and mr knightley just beautifully . pity that the final proposal scene goes on for just a little too long  cut two shots  i can think of exactly which ones   and it would have been much more in keeping with the rest of the movie .  br    br   gosh  i just realize  by reading the imdb listings  that i  ve seen jeremy northam in at least three movies without even being aware that it was him  seems he  s got a lot more going for him  as an actor  than just being a gentlemanlike english heartthrob  hmm  guess i need to pay my video store a visit . . .  br    br   lovely movie . my favorite jane austen adaptation so far  though perhaps ang lee  s sense and sensibility is  strictly speaking  the better movie  this one is closest to my heart  and i  ve certainly seen it many more times  watch it if you can  and don  t be too hard on its little imperfections .  br    br    
