romance is in the air and love is in bloom in victorian era england  in this light  hearted story set against a society in a time in which manners were still in vogue  the ladies were charming and elegant  and the gentlemen dashing . emma   based on the novel by jane austen and written for the screen and directed by douglas mcgrath  stars the lovely gwyneth paltrow in the title role . a self  appointed matchmaker  emma takes great delight in the romantic notion of playing cupid and attempting to pair up those she feels are suited to one another . coming off a successful matching that ended in marriage  she next sets her sights on finding a mate for her friend  harriet  toni collette   but the outcome of her initial attempt proves to be less than satisfying . meanwhile  her endeavors are tempered by by the handsome mr . knightley  jeremy northam   whose insights into matters of the heart often seem to be a bit more astute than emma  s  and lend some needed balance to the proceedings . and emma  so concerned with what is right for others  neglects the heart that is actually the most important of all her own . the world goes round and love abounds  but emma is about to miss the boat . luckily for her  however  the is someone just right for her waiting in the wings . now  if she can but stop long enough to realize it . but as everyone who has known true love knows  matters of the heart can go right or wrong in an instant  depending upon the slightest thing and while romance is at hand for emma  she must first recognize it  and seize the moment .  br    br   mcgrath has crafted and delivered a delightful  feel  good film that is like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world . there may be an air of frivolity about it  but in retrospect  this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing there is   in all honesty   to just about anyone love . and with mcgrath  s impeccable sense of pace and timing  it all plays out here in a way that is entirely entertaining and enjoyable . it  s a pleasant  affecting film  with a wonderful cast  that successfully transports the viewer to another time and another place . it  s light fare  but absorbing and the picturesque settings and proceedings offer a sense of well  being and calm that allows you to immerse yourself in it and simply go with the flow .  br    br   the winsome paltrow  who won the oscar for best actress for shakespeare in love  two years after making this one  seems comfortable and right at home in this genre . she personifies all things british  and does it with such naturalness and facility that it  s the kind of performance that is easily taken for granted or overlooked altogether . she  s simply so good at what she does and makes it look so easy . she has a charismatic screen presence and an endearing manner  very reminiscent of audrey hepburn . yet paltrow is unique . as an actor  she has a wide range and style and has demonstrated   with such films as hard eight   hush  and a perfect murder    that she can play just about any part effectively  and with that personal touch that makes any role she plays her own . but it  s with characters like emma that she really shines . she is so expressive and open  and her personality is so engaging  that she is someone to whom it is easy to relate and just a joy to watch  regardless of the part she is playing . and for emma  she is absolutely perfect .  br    br   jeremy northam also acquits himself extremely well in the role of knightley  and like paltrow  seems suited to the genre   in the right role  that is his performance in the more recent the golden bowl   in which he played an italian prince  was less than satisfying . here  however  he is perfect he is handsome  and carries himself in such a way that makes knightley believable and very real . like colin firth  s mr . darcy in the miniseries pride and prejudice   northam has created a memorable character with his own mr . knightley .  br    br   also excellent in supporting roles and worthy of mention are toni collette  as emma  s friend harriet smith and alan cumming  as the reverend elton . respectively  collette and cumming create characters who are very real people  and as such become a vital asset to the overall success of this film . and it demonstrates just how invaluable the supporting players are in the world of the cinema  and to films of any genre .  br    br   the supporting cast includes greta scacchi  mrs . weston   denys hawthorne  mr . woodhouse   sophie thompson  miss bates   kathleen byron  mrs . goddard   phyllida law  mrs . bates   polly walker  jane fairfax  and ewan mcgregor  frank churchill  . an uplifting  elegant film  emma  is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in a world too often beset with unpleasantness . and even if it  s only through the magic of the silver screen  it  s nice to be able to escape to such a world as this  if only for a couple of hours  as it fulfills the need for that renewal of faith in the human spirit . and that  s the magic of the movies . i rate this one     .  br    br    br    br    
