having seen cube  i  ve been a fan of vincenzo natali  s work . natali seems to have this inept ability to take a storyline  and hardly wring it our like a wet towel for all the storyline he can muster . instead  he lets the stories themselves unfold in natural ways  so much in fact  that you may in fact believe there is this cube were people try to escape  or in the case of nothing  a large empty expanse where there is . . . nothing  the advert had me hooked instantly . it seemed so simple  take two characters who no one likes  and send them to a world where there is nothing . natali does this so simply that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing cannot exist . in fact  the world of nothing becomes something of an irony within the film . there  s nothing there  but also  something  there .  br    br   it might be a good time to point out that the trailer is highly misleading . i was fortunate enough to actually understand that the film leaned to a more comedic side than the trailer otherwise told so . therefore upon watching the film  i laughed every now and again  whereas someone who the advert mislead may find themselves utterly confused .  br    br   if i may take a minute to give the film some praise  where the film excels on is the concept . it is a genius concept to have a world of nothing  and to put two characters there  not two brilliant minded characters  who will philosophise and work out their surroundings  but two idiots who have absolutely no clue as to where the hell they are  another strong point is the film  s cinematography  though at first this may not seem it  where each wall  north  earth  south  west  up and down is just a white plane  a perception of depth becomes faulty . it is hard to determine where things are placed in the mis  en  scene . the cinematography has many moments where this actually happens  but for the most part  the camera is placed so that two characters  or an object and a character are placed in the foreground and background  allowing a sense of depth to be realised .  br    br   however  this film does lack in certain areas . the film is relatively short  but even so  after a while the novelty of this world of nothing becomes rather dull  and you wish to find some form of resolution within the plot . we can also argue that the acting is once again  questionable . these two characters are in a sense  unlikeable  therefore we feel no sympathy at any point for these characters . however  on a flip side of that  the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems real enough  but there is something lacking .  br    br   even so  i do rank this as a thoroughly enjoyable film  do not let the trailer fool you into thinking this is another science  fiction horror film . it is much more of a comedy than that  it is indeed worth watching though  purely for the concept itself   
