director vincenzo natali first showed his penchant for character  based sci  fi flicks with his     short film  elevated   wherein  people remain trapped in an elevator while unseen monsters roam the building . his follow  up feature project  cube   released later that year  had a very similar premise  this time with  people and instead of an elevator it was a vast expansion of interlocking cubic deathtraps . both were admirable attempts to take the sci  fi genre a step further  by deliberately declining to show almost any visual stimulation  choosing instead to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human element  how the characters act  react and interact under incomprehensible and dangerous conditions . after his exploration into the mainstream with      s  cypher   natali has come back to his bizarre character  film trend to bring us  nothing   his latest  and by far most optimistic and comedic take on the wide cinematic world of  what if    br    br   dave  david hewlett  and andrew  andrew miller  are life  long friends  brought together by a mutual detachment from society and a lack of any one else to be with . dave  who has always been hindered by a selfish and somewhat dimwitted nature  lives rent  free with andrew at his ill  located and ill  constructed house  where he often takes advantage of andrew  s neurotic and antisocial mentality . despite all this  the two misfits are happy together  until one day their deep character flaws  coupled with some astronomically bad luck  land them in the middle of some pretty serious  jail  sentence  worthy trouble . on top of this  they discover that their house has been deemed unfit for existence and is scheduled to be demolished before sunset  so in the hazy  nightmarish panic of everything going wrong for them  they wish that the whole world would just disappear . and it does .  br    br   going any further with the synopsis would compromise a lot of the film  s slow  occasionally too slow  reveal about what  s happened to dave and andrew  and how they deal with their new reality . natali  s fascination with studying human behavior under duress  ala the birds  is here in spades  but simply by making the main characters friends rather than strangers  he  s able to break away from the thriller  horror element of this premise to open it up to a more comfortable and optimistic level . it  s almost as if he  s made the aphoristic opposite of  cube  .  br    br   of course  the film is not   minutes of laughter and sunshine . in keeping with fundamental realism  our two anti  heroes  dynamic often becomes antagonistic  sometimes with rather nasty results . like the  desert island  game  the film looks at how even best friends  when left alone together  can fall apart  but at the same time it shows that friends are vital to the quality of existence . in a very twisted  sci  fi way  this is a feel  good flick  with good heart and good intentions .  br    br   however  there are a few qualms to be had with  nothing  . while the two lead actors  hewlett and miller  do well with their parts  their characters are not nearly as interesting as they should have been  considering it is completely up to them to entertain us for the better part of an hour . there is some development in the relationship and personalities of dave and andrew  some background is given  but ultimately not enough . a generous viewer will sit through the less  engaging portions of the film to see it through to the end  but cynics will probably give up pretty fast .  br    br   acting  as mentioned  is adequate  and considering the amount of  green  screen  work that would  ve been needed  reasonably convincing . david hewlett and andrew miller  who both wrote co  wrote the screenplay  have been long  time friends of vincenzo natali hewlett has in fact featured in every film natali has made . perhaps it was their creative input that steered this film in a more positive direction . nonetheless  the story could have been a lot more involving . granted  it is relatively entertaining considering that  no pun intended  nothing really happens  but you get the impression that  in more experienced hands  a lot more could  ve been done with this premise .  br    br   in all fairness   nothing  is an impressive piece of work in many ways . the concept is interesting  the direction is inventive  the script works on a human level and  most of all  it shows a progression in natali  s creative mentality . for fans of his work  this will be a delight  and for others it will be a nice way to pass a little unwanted time . it  s just a shame that the director  s fixation on human drama prevented it from being the great  fun film it could have been .  
