the premise of this movie has been tickling my imagination for quite some time now . we  ve all heard or read about it in some kind of con  text . what would you do if you were all alone in the world  what would you do if the entire world suddenly disappeared in front of your eyes  in fact  the last part is actually what happens to dave and andrew  two room  mates living in a run  down house in the middle of a freeway system . andrew is a nervous wreck to say the least and dave is considered being one of the biggest losers of society . that alone is the main reason to why these two guys get so well along  because they simply only have each other to turn to when comforting is needed . just until . . .  br    br   straight from the beginning of the film lots and lots of problems happen to them . both of them get involved with crime  andrew suffers from paranoia and simply doesn  t dare going out of the house . dave is unsuccessful at his job and his colleagues don  t treat him very well and with the respect he deserves . the amount of problems they face keeps increasing until that one day where they may have to face the inevitable and deal with it . this is just too much for them and they wish that everything would just go away . . . and of course that is exactly what happens .  br    br   the rest of the story places dave and andrew in this world of nothingness . at first they are surprised and have problems understanding and dealing with the features of this crazy environment  but later on they find out that they can do just about everything they want because it seems as if they are the only ones still left .  br    br   nothing features an incredibly small cast  in fact  besides the first couple of shots from the film  we only see dave  david hewlett  and andrew  andrew miller  in the entire film . it is clear that in order to pull this off  the cast has to be more than up for the task  because in a world where nothing exists there is nothing that can distract the viewer in any way . vincenzo has decided to use a reasonable amount of close  up head shots to make it more interesting and it actually works quite well . director of photography  derek rogers  also has a nice way of teasing the audience by withholding visual information  especially at times where a character sees something and reacts to it  but we don  t see it right away .  br    br   obviously  this can  t be an event driven film and it  s not . much of the action happens outside their house when they move around in the void . and that  s where some of the most hilarious scenes take place  especially in the case of when andrew discovers a candy bar .  br    br   now  one could be thinking  how does nothing look like   well  it looks like nothing indeed . the entire world of nothing is white . . . white no matter in what direction you look . this is the weakness of this film . . . after an hour or less it  s getting extremely boring to look at and there has to be events to make sure it  s more interesting to look at . thank god  there are some . for example at times when the two lads  due to the properties of nothing  are able to jump really high as if nothing is made out of . . . tofu  as andrew claims  . it  s fun to see how they are instantly able to use nothing to become gods of their own little society .  br    br   one of the best parts of the film is the set . . . production designer jasna stefanovic has done a beautiful job in this film  the house in which these two guys live is so unnaturally fun to look at  still it seems right for these two to be living in a place like this . all in all  the production design is with no doubt one of the most powerful aspects of this film at it really makes the film worth watching . . .  br    br   however  the very best part of the film is the acting . both david hewlett and andrew miller really look like the professional actors they both are . the camera is on them for every second of the film and as previously said  there are just about no props in the film  they are really on a bare stage . with plenty of character development and some decent one  liners  clever dialogue  at times hilariously stupid   it all works to that end  and this really moves the movie away from the low  budget area to well  crafted handwork .  br    br   let  s talk a little about the visual effects  because they are definitely worth mentioning . nothing features digital visual effects and prosthetics that equals any modern horror film . there  s a rather horrifying dream sequence in the film  and although the drews have milked that scene completely it  s still fun to watch . one of the best visual effects in the film is at the end where andrew and dave suddenly discover their powers in this environment  they have the abilities to wish everything away  so what if they can do it the other way around and make things appear   br    br    nothing  is a bright and well  lit movie  it really helps promoting the idea of them probably being dead  this is in fact one of their theories   but  nothing  is a comedy and it slowly destroys its own theory . we don  t know where they are or what has happened to them . we don  t know if they will ever get out  because the movie ends before we see anything like that . the ending  by the way  is not as good as it could  ve been . it  s rather easy to predict what is going to happen  still the writers have thought up a few incidents that help make it a little more interesting and in the end  it  s a reasonably satisfactory one .  br    br   take  hollow man    kill bill    cube    epoch  and lots of other films and you have  nothing  . it really is an amalgam of different styles  still there is no other film  at least that i know of  nothing is really like . for the people remembering the original cube production commentary on its dvd may remember that vincenzo natali talked about how he came up with the story of cube . he talks about him and andr bijelic having been room  mates at a time and they both were in this extremely dull room with no hope of getting out   nothing  could very well be the screened version of the origin of the cube story  and to that end  it  s almost like one of the cube prequels .  br    br   what can i say  i enjoyed  nothing   it is a great movie and the different parts of the movie are extremely well  made with tons of intelligent ideas  still i feel the movie is missing something and i have problems finding out precisely what it is . . . maybe if we have a  nothing   i can answer that question .  nothing  is a great film  but not as good as i expected it to be .  br    br   final rating  .      
