jimmy cagney races by your eyes constantly in this story of a stage  producer who is vigorously struggling against the upcoming  talking  movies .  br    br   this story of love  deceit  women and dancing is presented in such a manner that as a viewer you are never treated to a dull moment . the direction of the mass scenes in the rehearsal rooms was enormously well done . the story never really got lost in this frantic pace .  br    br   some parts of the material presented here have become a little dated but that doesn  t matter because when you look at this in a     time  frame it is fabulous to watch this next to a lot of the other drags of movies that were released during that time .  br    br   jimmy cagney is a sight for sore eyes in this film  never loosing his composure as the ever  working producer of previews made for the movie theaters as intros . in this way he tries to save his ass from going out of business  he was a broadway producer before he started this . joan blondell is fabulous as the neglected love  interest  nan  she gives such a spirited performance that is so unusual for movies of that time  so cool to watch a woman who is portrayed as a strong woman for a change .  br    br   the only problem i had with the film were the enormous productions at the end . these were magnificent in itself  beautifully choreographed and wonderfully produced  but they just didn  t seem to fit in the story . the only link they have to the main story is that cagney had to put on  previews in  days to get a contract and that  s what he did . i had a hard time believing that this was what the girls had been rehearsing during the entire movie and that these sets could fit in a movie theater . in this way the  sitting on a backyard fence  was much more appropriate to the story .  br    br   the productions at the end seemed to drag this frantically paced story to a halt and that was not a good thing . i was tired after seeing the first musical sequence and then i realized there were another two coming up . these sequences got a lot a chuckles from the audience as well .  br    br   all in all a great film with a sour ending .  br    br        
