it  s hard to say which comes out on top  james cagney  s charm and energy or the mouth  opening excesses of busby berkeley  s three grand showstoppers at the close . i give it a tie  with footlight parade one of the funniest and quickest of the early thirties musicals . although the movie clearly belongs to cagney  joan blondell adds immeasurably to the good  natured story line .  br    br   and what  s the story line  it  s about chester kent  cagney  who produces musicals  and who now is just about out of business as the talkies take over . he starts doing prologues  live musical entertainment offered on stage before a movie starts . he gets the idea to do bigger ones and more of them  moving them around the country . he  s a ball of fire and ideas  and he needs all the ideas he can get to keep relentlessly producing these things . but a rival is spying on him and stealing his ideas nan prescott  blondell   his wise  cracking secretary  loves him but he  s too busy too notice an office girl in black  rimmed  round glasses  ruby keeler  wants a chance to dance his wife turns up saying she didn  t divorce him after all a blonde gold  digger is setting her hooks in him his partners are cheating him . . . my gosh  what  s next  this may all sound like a lot to digest  but everything happens fast  with cagney bouncing  strutting  striding  finger  snapping  barking orders and occasionally  until the big last number when he goes all out singing and dancing   doing a step or two just to show how it  s done .  br    br   instead of  let  s put on a show  gang  we have  we need to build three shows in three days  so lock the doors and let  s start rehearsing .  these three super prologues are going to feature   chorines  spectacular effects and will mean a rich contract  with forty kent units in deluxe movie houses . . . the whole apollo movie house circuit  exhaustion threatens  feet ache  but all those unbilled chorines in skimpy costumes  which include ann sothern and dorothy lamour you can quickly spot sothern but lamour is more generic  stay the course  dancing their hearts out  giggling and chattering and looking remarkably unsweaty .  br    br   and then the curtains go up as each prologue is presented in separate movie houses  one after the other on the same night  with the owner of the apollo circuit going to determine that night whether he  ll save chester  s skin or not .  br    br   first up is  honeymoon hotel  with dick powell and ruby keeler in a  minute production number that features a lot of wholesome lasciviousness  with brides and grooms  some might even be married   bedrooms and beds  and doors with  do not disturb  signs .  br    br   then on to the next theater and   minutes of  by a waterfall  that probably had the warner brothers accountants worrying about bankruptcy . this number is so excessive   dozens of swimming girls  trees  fountains  a huge grotto with waterslides  a giant pool   you  d never think there was a depression on . berkeley pulls out all his tricks   synchronization  human patterns  legs and arms doing all sorts of precision things   and he does it in the water  with a lot of underwater photography looking up . the girls are sure game . they come up smiling with water in their eyes and still hit their marks . the whole thing must have been incredibly difficult and exhausting . ruby keeler  who has a couple of quick shots in the water  is the only one who looks a bit cautious .  br    br   and finally  the smash finale . . .   minutes of cagney dancing and singing with keeler to  shanghai lil   with all sorts of bar girls and their customers  unusual in that the races are mixed up . there  s cagney and keeler dancing on the bar  dancing on a table  cagney fighting . there are what looks like fifty or sixty marching marines  hupping back and forth  rifles tossed and caught . then . . . this is true . . . a human picture forms of franklin roosevelt and the nra eagle . this may be the only hollywood musical production that has ever featured roosevelt  a big federal agency and a bevy of sexy chinese prostitutes .  br    br   that  s entertainment  folks . it  s great   br    br   of course  chester  s prologues get the big contract and nan gets chester . the movie is full of juicy clichs that make us smile . ruby keeler is so endearing as she earnestly stomps out her taps with her arms flying that you want to help her along . joan blondell makes us forget about a lot of hollywood females who might have been more beautiful but who had a lot less wit and personality . the movie  however  belongs to cagney  who grabs and shakes it  and to berkeley  a man for whom too much was never too much .  
