the energetic young producer of theatrical prologues  those staged performances  usually musical  that often proceeded the movie in the larger cinemas in bygone days  must deal with crooked competition  fraudulent partners  unfaithful lovers  amateur talent to realize his dream of making his mark on the footlight parade .  br    br   while closely resembling other warner  s musical spectaculars  notably the golddigger films  this movie had a special attraction none of the others had jimmy cagney . he is a wonder  loose  jointed and lithe  as agile as any tomcat  a creature he actually mimics a few times during the movie . cagney grabs the viewers attention  never lets go  powering the rapid  fire dialogue and corny plot with his charisma  buoyant charm .  br    br   the rest of the cast gives their best  as well . joan blondell is perfect as the smart  mouthed  big  hearted blonde secretary  infatuated with cagney  major quibble  why wasn  t she given a musical number   . dick powell  ruby keeler once again play lovers onstage  off the fact that her singing  acting abilities are a bit on the lean side are compensated for by her dancing  powell still exudes boyish enthusiasm in his unaccustomed position as second male lead .  br    br   guy kibbee  hugh herbert are lots of fun as brothers  in  law  both scheming to cheat cagney in different ways . ruth donnelly scores as kibbee  s wealthy wife  a woman devoted to her handsome protgs . frank mchugh  s harried choreographer is an apt foil for cagney  s wit . herman bing is hilarious in his one tiny scene as a music arranger . mavens will spot little billy barty  jimmy conlin  maybe even john garfield during the musical numbers .  br    br   finally  there  s busby berkeley  choreographer nonpareil . his terpsichorean confections  sprinkled throughout the decade of the      s  were a supreme example of the cinematic escapism that depression audiences wanted to enjoy . the big joke about berkeley  s creations  of course  was that they were meant  as part of the plot  to be stage productions . but no theater could ever hold these products of the master  s imagination . they are perfect illustrations of the type of entertainment only made possible by the movie camera .  br    br   berkeley  s musical offerings generally took one of two different approaches  either a story  often rather bizarre  told with song  dance or else stunning geometrically designed numbers  eye candy  featuring plentiful chorus girls  overhead camerawork  a romantic tune . in a spasm of outr extravagance  footlight parade climaxes with three berkeley masterworks honeymoon hotel  and its pre  production code telling of a couple  s wedding night by a waterfall   dozens of unclad females  splashing  floating  diving in perfect patterns  designs  peer closely  you  ll see how the synchronous effects were achieved   and finally  shanghai lil   a fitting tribute to the talents of both cagney  berkeley .  
