a very early oliver stone  associate   produced film  and one of the first films in the impressive career of lloyd kaufman  co  founder and president of the world  s only real independent film studio troma  creator of the toxic avenger and  at the prestigious amsterdam fantastic filmfestival  lifetime  achievement awarded filmmaker for over   years  . having raised the money for this film on his own  lloyd wrote this script together with theodore gershuni in     and in hindsight regrets having listened to advice to have gershuni else direct the film instead of doing it himself . but back then he was still inexperienced in the business and it is probably because of decisions like these that he takes no nonsense from anyone anymore . indeed it would have been interesting to see lloyd  s version of his own script  as one of the world  s most original  daring  experimental and non  compromising directors he probably would have given it even more edge than it already has . but as it is we have the gershuni  directed film . and weather it is due to the strong script  or the fact that he too is indeed quite a director of his own  sugar cookies is a very intelligent  highly suspenseful and well  crafted motion picture that deserves a lot more attention than it receives . the shoestring budget the small studio  this was even before kaufman and his friend and partner for over   years now  michael herz  formed troma  had to work with is so well handled that the film looks a lot more expensive  indeed does not have a  low budget  look at all . the story revolves around lesbian camilla stone  played by enigmatic mary woronow  and her lover who winds up dead through circumstances i won  t reveal not to spoil a delightful story . this leads to a succession of plot  twists  mind games and personality reform that is loosely inspired by hitchcock  s vertigo and at least as inventive . the atmosphere is a lot grimmer  though  and some comparisons to nicholas roeg  s and donald cammell  s performance come to mind . in this mix is a very original and inventive erotic laden thriller that keeps it quite unclear as to how it is all going to end  which  along with a splendidly interwoven sub  plot with a nod to kaufman  s earlier and unfortunately unavailable big guss what  s the fuss  makes for a very exciting one  and  a  half  hour . certainly one of the best films in troma  s library  and yet again one of those films that defy the curious fantasy that their catalog is one of bad taste . the dvd includes some recent interviews kaufman conducts with woronov and the other leading lady lynn lowry  later seen in george romero  s the crazies   thus giving some interesting insight in what went on during the making of this cult  favorite and a few hints of what would be different had lloyd directed it himself . highly recommended .  
