passport to pimlico is a real treat for all fans of british cinema . not only is it an enjoyable and thoroughly entertaining comedy  but it is a cinematic flashback to a bygone age  with attitudes and scenarios sadly now only a memory in british life .  br    br   stanley holloway plays pimlico resident arthur pemberton  who after the accidental detonation of an unexploded bomb  discovers a wealth of medieval treasure belonging to the   th century duke of burgundy that has been buried deep underneath their little suburban street these last    years .  br    br   accompanying the treasure is an ancient legal decree signed by king edward iv of england  which has never been officially rescinded  to state that that particular london street had been declared burgandian soil  which means that in the eyes of international law  pemberton and the other local residents are no longer british subjects but natives of burgundy and their tiny street an independent country in it  s own right and a law unto itself .  br    br   this sets the war  battered and impoverished residents up in good stead as they believe themselves to be outside of english law and jurisdiction  so in an act of drunken defiance they burn their ration books  destroy and ignore their clothing coupons  flagrantly disregard british licencing laws etc  declaring themselves fully independent from britain .  br    br   however  what then happens is ever spiv  black marketeer and dishonest crook follows suit and crosses the  border  into burgundy as a refuge from the law and post  war restrictions to sell their dodgy goods  and half of london  s consumers follow them in order to dodge the ration  making their quiet happy little haven  a den of thieves and a rather crowded one at that .  br    br   appealing to whitehall for assistance  they are told that due to developments this is  now a matter of foreign policy  which his majesty  s government is reluctant to become involved  which leaves the residents high and dry . they do however declare the area a legal frontier and as such set up a fully equipped customs office at the end of the road  mainly to monitor smuggling than to ensure any safety for the residents of pimlico .  br    br   eventually the border is closed altogether starting a major siege  with the bugundian residents slowly running out of water and food  but never the less fighting on in true british style . as one bugundian resident quotes   we  re english and we always were english  and it  s just because we are english  we are fighting so hard to be bugundians   br    br   a sentiment that is soon echoed throughout the capital as when the rest of london learn of the poor bugundians plight they all feel compelled to chip in and help them  by throwing food and supplies over the barbed wire blockades .  br    br   will whitehall  who has fought off so may invaders throughout the centuries finally be brought to it  s knees by this new batch of foreigners  especially as these ones are english      br    br   great tale  and great fun throughout . not to be missed .  
