starting off  here  s a synopsis porno queen alta lee  lynn lowry  is murdered by her pornographer lover max  george shannon  in a game of sexual russian roulette . alta  s other lover  icy lesbian casting agent camila stone  mary woronov   provides an alibi for max . but camila has an agenda of her own  and a plan involving the seduction of innocent actress julie  lynn again  in a web of sexual mind games . when the lookalikes  identities are sufficiently blurred  the stage is set for vengeance as passionate as the most heated carnal encounter .  br    br   though this movie is quite obscure and never got much attention  i find it to be a sexy  suspenseful gem . cult goddess woronov has one of her best  ever roles  and she and sexy  innocent lowry play off each other well . the unsettling music provided by gershon kingsley  plus two original songs   all  american boy    you say you  ve never let me down   and the jaynetts   sally  go  round the roses  compose a memorable soundtrack . theodore gershuny  s direction is sharp  with everything photographed in muted earth tones that perfectly suggest unsavory business bubbling under society  s upper crust . with tons of great new york atmosphere  ondine  woronov  s friend and fellow warholite  giving a great performance in a small role  and exotic monique van vooren as max  s ex  wife in a comic sub  plot . this sub  plot  though amusing  looks like it belongs in another movie altogether . however  i  m not complaining  as the film is smooth even as it changes gears and is a hell of a lot more interesting that the erotic  thriller garbage currently being cranked out .  br    br   trivia sugar cookies was originally rated x  soft  core  and released by general film corporation in     . i am the proud owner of an original one  sheet poster   lucky me  in      the movie was cut for an r and re  released by troma team  which now offers it uncut on videotape . mary woronov was the wife of theodore gershuny at the time  and was reportedly uncomfortable performing the graphic lesbian simulated sex scenes with him leering behind the camera . she can also be seen in two of his earlier productions  kemek       and silent night  bloody night       .  
