get this film if at all possible . you will find a really good performance by barbara bach  beautiful cinematography of a stately  and incredibly clean  but creepy old house  and an unexpected virtuoso performance by   the unseen  . i picked up a used copy of this film because i was interested in seeing more of bach  whom i  d just viewed in  the spy who loved me .  i love really classically beautiful actresses and appreciate them even more if they can act a little . so we start with a nice fresh premise . tv reporter bach walks out on boyfriend and goes to cover a festival in a california town  solvang  that celebrates its swedish ancestry by putting on a big folk festival . she brings along a camerawoman  who happens to be her sister  and another associate .  the late karen lamm plays bach  s sister  and if you know who the celebrities are that each of these ladies is married to  it is just too funny watching bach  mrs . ringo starr  and lamm  mrs . dennis wilson  going down the street having a sisterly quarrel .   anyway  bach  s disgruntled beau follows her to solvang  as he  s not done arguing with her . there  s a lot of feeling still between them but she doesn  t wanna watch him tear himself up anymore about his down  the  drain football career . the ladies arrive in solvang to do the assignment for their station  only to find their reservations were given away to someone else .  maybe to bach  s boyfriend  because think of it  where  s he gonna stay   . the gals ask around but there is just nowhere to go . mistakenly trying to get into an old hotel which now serves only as a museum  they catch the interest of proprietor mr . keller  the late sidney lassick   who decides to be a gentleman and lodge them at his home  insisting his wife will be happy to receive them . oh no  next thing we know keller is making a whispered phone call to his wife  warning her that company  s coming and threatening that she  d better play along . trouble in paradise  the ladies are eager to settle in and get back to solvang to shoot footage and interview swedes  but one of the girls doesn  t feel good . bach and lamm leave her behind  wondering to themselves about mrs . keller  played heartbreakingly by pretty lelia goldoni  who looks like she just lost her best pal . speaking of which  under  the  weather vicki slips off her clothes and gets into a nice hot tub  not realizing that keller has crept into her room to inspect the keyhole . she hears him  thinks he  s come to deliver linen  and calls out her thanks . lassick did a great job in this scene expressing the anguish of a fat old peeping tom who didn  t get a long enough look . after he  s left  poor vicki tumbles into bed for a nap but gets yanked out of it real fast  in a really decent  frightening round of action  by something big that has apparently crept up through a grille on the floor  the unseen  lamm comes home next  bach is out finishing an argument with her beau  and can  t find anyone in the house . she knocks over a plate of fruit in the kitchen  and  on hands and knees to collect it  her hair and fashionable scarf sway temptingly over the black floor grille  attracting the unseen again  well  at about the time poor lamm is getting her quietus in the kitchen  we do a flashback into mr . keller  s past and get the full story of what his sick  sadistic background really is and why his wife doesn  t smile much . bach finally gets home and wants to know where her friends are . meanwhile  lassick has been apprised of the afternoon  s carnage by his weeping wife and decides he can  t let bach off the premises to reveal the secret of his home . he tempts her down into the basement where the last act of the keller family tragedy finally opens to all of us .  br    br   i cannot say enough for stephen furst  whom i  d never seen before it  s obvious that he did his homework for this role  studying the methods of communication and expression of the brain damaged bach and goldoni  each in their diverse way  just give the movie luster . not only that  but movie winds up with a satisfying resolution . no stupid cheap tricks  eyeball  rolling dialog or pathetically cut corners . . . a real treat for your collection .  
