so what constitutes a real independent film  in a day and age where the latest fad of mainstream hollywood is to appear rugged and cutting edge  i  m sorry to say that what the general public tends to perceive as independent film is usually nothing more than a clever marketing ploy .  br    br   which is why we should be glad that films like  hatred of a minute  exist . across the board  this film makes a point out of contradicting its own template  indie horror film  . love it or hate it   hatred  isn  t afraid of being what it is  and in watching this film  you get the real sense that kallio  the director  didn  t just make this film to spray fake blood all over the place  he  s in this to tell stories . good ones . you may find this film in the horror film section of your video store  but don  t be fooled  this story is also about love  about good people pushed over the edge  and that oh  so  distant light at the end of the tunnel .  br    br   if you expect smut  or an evil dead ripoff  stay away from this film . but if you dig the finer points of the horror  suspense genres  check this film out .  br    br   yes . bruce campbell did produce this movie  and i  m sure he  s proud to tell anyone that it  s not  evil dead  . bruce has never tried to bank on his  ash  image  and it  s obvious that he didn  t get involved with  hatred  so that it could do so either .  br    br   my advice  though  to all dead  ites rabidly devouring anything issued by mr . campbell is to check this film out anyway and see what else mr . kallio and mr . campbell are trying to show you .  br    br   the acting is well done  although nothing about this film is oscar caliber  perhaps intentionally   it  s good to see compassionate performances in a horror film . so often  actors in films such as these don  t even seem to try  with  hatred   it seemed as though all the actors took thier charecters very seriously  never resorting to typical horror  film campiness .  br    br   technically   hatred  is about as competent as indie film gets . the editing is fast paced  the cinematography is good given the budget  and  hatred  keeps a quick pace  without any bog  down points or bad anti  climaxes .  br    br   all in all  hatred may not have the glossed over look of all those multi  million dollar fake indies  but personally  i don  t see a problem with that . it  s a film by folks who actually care about the medium . people who reached into thier broke ass pockets  pulled out thier nickles and dimes  threw caution to the wind and made a damn good movie .  br    br   check this one out .  
