dolph lundgren is back  detention marks dolphs first film in nearly  years  and that is following the delayed hidden agenda . this film still marks an improvement for dolph over his cheapie trilogy of jill rips  agent red and stormcatcher . however this film is well below the standard of hidden agenda  which was better in almost every respect . what this film does have in it  s favour from dolph  s previous outing  is a sense of cheesy fun . the film also has a rejuvenated dolph back in a high action role  and it  s good to see dolph doing his own stunts again .  br    br   the films story is ludicrous and prime b  movie material . an ex  military man is now a teacher and on his last day of teaching  whilst taking a detention class  he runs into some slovakian bad guys who have taken over the school to use as cover for a big drug deal . the film has no originality but in a movie of this type you need to have a sense of fun with all the cliches . if you take it too seriously the audience will find little to enjoy . thankfully the filmmakers don  t take matters too seriously and along with all the action cliches you can think of and the predictability  this film has a so bad it  s enjoyable kind of vibe .  br    br   where the film is let down is miss  using a fairly decent budget . the budget of around   million has not been well spent . it  s all up on screen with plenty of carnage and big explosions but a lot of the shootouts lack imagination . the opening action is okay but after that the good moments become more sparse . there are some good moments . you have a car careering through school hallways for example and a decent shootout at the beginning  with plenty of destruction . the rest of the shootouts are fairly mechanical but there is plenty going on onscreen .  br    br   as for the cast . hidden agenda boasted the best cast dolph has worked with in ages . there was a good standard of actors for a dtv film . this however has problems . the actors are on the most part bad . the bad guys are terrible  but the lead bad guy has a kind of enjoyable cheesiness because alex karsis plays it so over the top and without the hint of any menace that you can laugh at the pure badness . the teenagers of the piece are actually good but they are playing such cliched characters . they all hate authority  each other and all have bad attitudes and of course by the end they learn important life lessons  but generally they are decent and chris collins in particular has a likeability . this movie is all about dolph though . while this film is nowhere near his best  it is nowhere near his worst . it also marks a turning point in his career . he is now back in good shape  and will be in even better shape in his next film direct action . dolph looks enthusiastic here  he does all his own stunts and it is good to see him play the typical action man  running from explosions in slow  mo  one liners  and handling large weapons  again in a movie like his older ones  albeit with less flair and imagination than cliched films like army of one . it is good to see dolph looking energised . his films of the last  or so years have seen dolph looking a little more weary  and using doubles a lot  he still does all the fights himself though  but the new streamlined dolph seems up for it .  br    br   overall this is watchable if only for the cheese value and dolph in prime action man mode . there  s not a single surprise but it has a laughably inept kind of charm .   
