this is a great entertaining action film in my opinion  with cool characters  lots of action  and an amazing performance from dolph lundgren  however alex karzis is awful as the villain  . the story is very good  and i found the kids to be likable for the most part  plus dolph lundgren is simply amazing in this  . the action scenes are excellent  and it  s almost like die hard except it  s set in a school   plus kata dob is very menacing and sexy as the sidekick  . the finale is very exciting  and it has a couple of cool emotional moments as well   however i just wished it had another villain  because alex karzis just didn  t cut it as the villain way too ott  and laughable for my tastes . this should be higher then  .  in my opinion  as i thought it was a great action film  and while the kids  were very stupid at times  they got quite resourceful as the movie went along   plus the shootouts were pretty cool as well  . the ending is very amusing  and corey sevier  s character was my favorite student   plus dolph has still got it  . this is a great entertaining action film in my opinion  with cool characters  lots of action  and an amazing performance from lundgren   but alex karzis is awful as the villain  still i highly recommend this one  . the direction is very good  . sidney j . furie does a very good job here with great camera work  good angles  and keeping the film at a very fast pace  . there is a bit of blood and violence . we get lots of extremely bloody gunshot wounds  knife in the side of the head  bloody arrow hits  an impaling  and other minor stuff . the acting is fantastic  . dolph lundgren is amazing as always  and is amazing here  he is extremely likable  kicks that ass as usual  had great chemistry with the kids  had an awesome character  is very charismatic  and he may not have shown a great emotional rage  he still was a hell of a lot of fun to watch   he is one of my favorite actors   lundgren rules       . alex karzis is god awful as the villain  he is laughably ott  was boring  and not menacing at all  he also annoyed the crap out of me . kata dob is very sexy as the side kick and did fine with what she had to do  she was the real villain in my opinion  . corey sevier is funny as mick  he was my favorite student  and i really started to warm up to him in the  nd half  i liked him a lot   he had good chemistry with dolph too . dov tiefenbach  willy   chris collins  hogie   mpho koaho  jay tee   danielle hampton  alicia   nicole dicker  charlee  all do great as the students . jennifer baxter is very cute and is good as the fiance . rest of the cast do fine . overall i highly recommend this one  .     out of   
