there has been a political documentary  of recent vintage  called why we fight  which tries to examine the infamous military industrial complex and its grip on this nation . it is considered both polemical and incisive in making its case against both that complex and the war fiasco we are currently involved in in iraq . yet  a far more famous series of films  with the same name  was made during world war two  by hollywood director frank capra . although considered documentaries  and having won oscars in that category  this series of seven films is really and truly mere agitprop  more in the vein of leni reifenstal  s triumph of the will  scenes of which capra recycles for his own purposes . that said  that fact does not mean it does not have vital information that subsequent generations of world war two documentaries  such as the bbc  s lauded the world at war  lacked  nor does that mean that its value as a primary source is any the less valuable . they are skillfully made  and after recently purchasing some used dvds at a discount store  i found myself with the opportunity to select a free dvd with my purchase . i chose goodtimes dvd  s four dvd collection of the series .  br    br   rarely has something free been so worth invaluable . while there are no extras on the dvds  and the sound quality of the prints varies  these films provide insight into the minds of americans two thirds of a century ago  when racism was overt  as in many of the classic warner brothers pro  war cartoons of the era   and there was nothing wrong with blatant distortion of facts . the seven films  produced between     and      are prelude to war  the nazis strike  divide and conquer  the battle of britain  the battle of russia  the battle of china  and war comes to america .  br    br   overall  the film series is well worth watching  not only for the obvious reasons  but for the subtle things it reveals  such as the use of the plural for terms like x millions when referring to dollars  rather than the modern singular  or the most overused graphic in the whole series  a japanese sword piercing the center of manchuria . yet  it also shows the complexities of trying to apply past standards to current wars . the lesson of world war one  avoid foreign entanglements  was not applicable to world war two  whose own lesson  act early against dictatorships  has not been applicable in the three major wars america has fought since korea  vietnam  nor iraq . the fact that much of this series teeters on the uncertainties of the times it was made in only underscores its historic value in today  s information  clogged times . it may not help you sort out the truth from the lies and propaganda of today  but at least you  ll realize you are not the first to be in such a tenuous position  nor will you be the last .  
