leonard maltin must  ve been watching some other movie .  though i find his guide to be quite a valuable resource  please disregard his comments on this one .  he states  starts off well then fizzles  when it  s really the reverse   starts off tepid then catches fire  . the plot is about as simple as it gets . happy mom  happy dad and happy son take a vacation at an isolated beach  dad incapacitated in accident  mom runs off to get help  meets up with dangerous escaped convict . mom tries to trick convict into helping while dad waits and hangs on for dear life .  br    br   good white  knuckler given an electric jolt by ralph meeker  appearing suddenly  the director  john sturges  films it in a clever way that will make you gasp  around halfway through as the cunning  desperate criminal . meeker is an unusually flippant  reckless actor  at least here and in the classic  kiss me deadly   and he happily snatches the keys to the film  s narrative and speeds off with the top down . his character has a habit of grinning childishly and saying  pretty neat  huh   when he  s especially pleased with his misdeeds . there is a funny break in the action when they get a flat tire and he tersely instructs his hostage  barbara stanwyck   don  t go away  . she fires back  where would i go    they  re in the middle of nowhere  and he realizes sitcom  ishly  yeah  that  s right  . the friction between them is a hoot .  br    br   there are flaws  somewhat ridiculous ones . there  s one scene where the police  who have been chasing after meeker for some time  stop stanwyck  s car and to evade detection meeker rests his head on her shoulder like a loving husband supposedly would  and pretends to be asleep as she  s being questioned . a . he looks conspicuously un  masculine in this pose and b . i think it  s safe to say that any adult who appears to be asleep during an encounter with law enforcement would certainly arouse suspicion .  br    br   still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion .  br    br    
