jeopardy is a tense  satisying thriller  a cut above a b but not really a major production . it qualifies as almost an experimental film  as the studio that produced it  metro  was desperately looking for new kinds of films  stars and directors to compete with the then new medium of television . the director  john sturges  was an up  and  comer whose best years lay ahead . he had just recently begun directing a level films  and had already proved himself a most capable craftsman . stars barbara stanwyck  barry sullivan and ralph meeker  were at very different phases of their careers . stanwyck  s glory years were behind her  and yet she could still carry a film  as she proves here . barry sullivan  as her husband  was one of a dozen or so leading men who got started in films in the forties who never quite achieved the success many had hoped for him . he was a fine  low  key actor  poised  but in an upper middle rather than upper class way  which made him excellent in professional roles . as the escaped convict who is the only person around who can save sullivan  s life  he is trapped under a pier  and the tide is rising   ralph meeker is more energetic than usual . this excellent actor had the misfortune of having come to films after brando and clift . he was in his way as good an actor as either of them  but he lacked charisma . his bargaining with stanwyck  which comes down to his demanding sex in exchange for saving her husband  by implication only  as this is       makes for an intriguing premise which  had this been a different kind of film  could all raised all sorts of interesting questions about stanwyck  s character . meeker is indeed a more exciting character than sullivan and in her scenes with him stanwyck is livelier than she is with her husband and son . but as this is a formula picture  not a strindberg play  the possibility that stanwyck might want want to have a fling    leaving aside the question of her husband  s predicament    remains unexplored . in this sense the incoming tide doesn  t quite have the effect one might have wished  though the movie remains tense and highly entertaining thanks to excellent acting  fine location photography  nearly all of it outdoors  and excellent direction by the woefully underrated mr . sturges .  
