i don  t agree with one of the reviewers who compared this film to the american international pictures . basil deardon has directed a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post war england  but without the sentimentality of  blackboard jungle   . the cinematography was excellent as it really captured the scariness and isolation of the huge housing estate . the estate looked like an old prison . stanley baker was excellent as the hardened detective  reassigned to the juvenile division   urgent  urgent  larceny  five iced lollies      he finds he is the butt of many jokes . david mccallum showed that he was one of britain  s top young talents of the fifties .  he had a very different role in another stanley baker film  hell drivers   . his portrayal of johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very frightening . ann heywood was also very good as the cynical cathie . i wouldn  t say there was a romantic subplot in it .  br    br   detective jack truman is investigating a string of arson attacks by someone labeled the  firefly  . just as he finds evidence which could lead to a breakthrough  he is assigned to the juvenile division  he is pretty disgusted at what he feels is not proper police work . amid all the heckling he gets his first call out  the  year old murphy twins are working a scam at the local lolly shops     br    br   taking the twins home he meets their brother  the charismatic johnny  and their embittered sister cathie . he starts to appreciate how life on the ghastly housing estates can turn young kids into criminals . as he gets more involved with the family  he realises there is a strong link between the fires  johnny and a frightened chinese youth who works for a laundry . the local priest  peter cushing in an unusual role  away from the hammer horrors  explains that when johnny was younger he had rescued some people from a burning building and had been hailed a hero . he wanted to recapture the feeling of importance and being useful and felt he could by lighting fires . the school siege was filmed in a very real way and the viewer felt the children  s fear  the teacher  thinking only of her own safety  runs off and locks them in the room with the frightened gunman      br    br   i thought it was a really excellent film that tried to show some of the social problems britain experienced after the war .  br    br   highly recommended .  
