like a lot of series pilots  dark angel  s opener shows a mixture of great potential and a slight problem finding its own feet . not that this is unusual in any way  but there is a feeling that it could have worked better if the story was tightened and focused a little more . in today  s world where something has to catch on instantly or face cancellation  the series did itself a bit of a disservice by not coming out at least halfway focused  with all guns blazing .  br    br   the ninety  minute pilot really feels like two episodes glued together  and both episodes have a problem with focus . in the first half  we are introduced to max and filled in on what drives her . we also get a few interesting routines with max using her abilities to win bets  interacting with a pi  or sorting out co  workers  domestic problems . the problem here is that this is nothing out of the ordinary for any human being with a normal set of genes  on television or otherwise .  br    br   it  s when we hit the second half that we get a story with a purpose and focus . throughout the two halves  max finds herself the focus of attention from a pirate journalist who feels it is mission in life to save the world by exposing one dirty dealer at a time . in the second half  the repercussions catch up with him  and max reluctantly cleans up the resulting mess . this sets up the premise for the entire rest of the series  and it works  but it doesn  t quite click if you get my meaning . it  s like most of the pieces are there  but a couple that make a complete image have been left out . perhaps they get filled in with later episodes  but that  s beside the point . the fact is that the contents of this episode could easily have been told with twenty  eight less minutes .  br    br   the last of the negatives is that a lot of the support cast are totally unendearing . original cindy in particular is an annoyance  and i doubt that changed during the next twenty episodes . while the acting isn  t as bad as daytime soap  it isn  t of such quality that i  d commend it . jessica alba is not the worst actor in the world  but she does come up short in terms of being convincing when the story needs it least .  br    br   the good news is that the premise and the production values are all top  notch . in fact  this series was considered quite expensive to produce  and it is quite unfortunate that it was cancelled in order to be replaced by another show that didn  t last a whole season . especially when there was ample time for both shows  they could have simply cancelled one of the pieces of disingenious garbage they flog under the banner of reality tv . the fact is that we need more shows like dark angel  where imagination rather than overhype  are used to draw the attention .  br    br   in all  i gave the dark angel pilot a seven out of ten . it never rises above the level of throwaway television  and it never got a chance to live up to the potential it shows within its own running time . but the potential is there  and that  s often all that matters where pilots are concerned .  
