this film was the first british teen movie to actually address the reality of the violent rock and roll society  rather than being a lucid parody of     s teenage life . in an attempt to celebrate the work of liverpool  s junior liaison officers the opening title points out that    of potential delinquents  who have been dealt with under this scheme  have not committed a second crime . however  this becomes merely a pretext to the following teen  drama until the film  s epilogue where we are instructed that we shouldn  t feel responsible or sorry for such delinquents however mixed  up they might seem .  br    br   stanley baker plays a tough detective who reluctantly takes on the post of juvenile liaison officer . this hard  boiled character is a role typical of baker . having been currently on the trail of a notorious arsonist known as the firefly and does not relish the distraction of the transfer . however  as in all good police dramas he is led back full circle by a remarkable turn of events  back to his original investigation .  br    br   his first case leads him to the home of two young children  mary and patrick murphy  played by real  life brother and sister duo   who have committed a petty theft . here he meets cathie  satisfyingly portrayed by anne heywood  their older sister whom he eventually becomes romantically involved with . it quickly becomes obvious that the squalid environment of such inner  city estates is a breeding ground for juvenile delinquency .  br    br   the elder brother of the murphy family  johnny  is the leader of a gang of rock and roll hoodlums . mccallum does an eye  catching turn as the americanized mixed  up kid  who owes more to the likes of marlon brando  than any previous british star . one is reminded of brando  s character johnny from  the wild one  who led a leather  clad gang of rebellious bikers in much the same way as this film  s  johnny  leads his gang .  br    br   thankfully the preachiness of earlier dearden crime dramas such as  the blue lamp  is not so apparent . instead we are presented with several well drawn  out characters on both sides of the law as the drama of the delinquents and the romantic interest between heywood and baker takes the forefront .  br    br   the plot  whilst at times predictable  does deliver some memorable scenes . the disruptive influence that rock and roll music was thought to have had is played out in a scene where johnny abandons himself to the music  leading a menacing advance on the police sergeant . the most grippingly memorable piece of film however is the climatic classroom scene where a bunch of terrified school children  including mary and patrick  are held hostage at gunpoint by johnny . obviously in the light of the real  life dumblaine massacre this scene seems all the horrifying . understandably because of this the film is seldom aired or available to modern audiences .  
