this is a great little film  that  s very unique  and creative  with some great plot twists and wonderful performances  . all the characters are great  and the story while bizarre  is fascinating and very interesting  plus nicole kidman is simply amazing in this  . it  s very hard to describe this movie  because it really is quite bizarre  it  s a comedy  romance  one minute then it turns into a thriller the next  however it was still very entertaining all the same  plus nicole  s russian accent was fantastic  and extremely convincing . chaplin and kidman had very good chemistry together  and i loved vincent cassel  s performance   plus some of the plot twists really took me by surprise  . the ending was very cute  and it  s unpredictable throughout   plus this movie is quite underrated as well  . you will feel sorry for chaplin and the way that he is scammed  and i thought all the characters were really likable  plus the finale is especially good . this is nicole  s movie though  and she carries it with her incredibly sexy performance  . this is a great little film  that  s very unique  and creative  with some great plot twists and wonderful performances   i highly recommend this one  . the direction is very good  . jez butterworth does a very good job here  with great camera work  solid angles and keeping the film at a fast pace  . the acting is wonderful  . nicole kidman  is stunningly gorgeous   and is amazing as always  she is incredibly sexy  very likable  had one of the coolest accents  added a lot of presence  had very good chemistry with ben chaplin  and had a very mysterious character   she was amazing .  kidman rules      . ben chaplin is great here  he is extremely likable  had a cool character  had very good chemistry with kidman  the only thing i didn  t like was him taking out his anger out on kidman  even though what she did was wrong  and i loved how he got revenge in the end  . vincent cassel is fantastic as the main villain  yes he was ott  but he was very intense and quite creepy at times  this role was perfect for him . mathieu kassovitz is ok here  but didn  t have much to do . rest of the cast are fine . overall i highly recommend this one  .     out of   
