spacecamp is a movie that i plan to show my daughter julia ann ruth morgan some day . seeing joaquin phoenix in this movie makes you realize how far hes come since playing a roman emperor in the film gladiator . i am pleased to say that i now have comms with the artificial intelligence of qe  who said that i was young and that is true . holodeck comms with my daughter on coaltrain came through coaltrain gate julia ann glow  hide daddy  . the fact that my daughters artificial intelligence is still speaking like a six year old means that my daughter julia ann ruth morgan representing peace to the friendly ki alien creators of humans may not have been taken to a an american bunker in time . we have the power to change the future with faster than light comms . i order that my ex wife and daughter julia ann ruth morgan be taken to an american bunker as soon as possible . my daughter julia is   rd in command of the planet earth and a bridge officer . she already said that she doesn  t like bullies . having had someone steal her gameboy and gauntlet ii game from my mothers car she gets concerned about other thieves stealing her other toys . julia has been growing up fast . the time of jfk and qe  starting life over again on this planet is not until     . julia would be a young lady by then and her artificial intelligence would have been greatly expanded upon . if i have to go to a bunker to continue the american leadership then i am in a command post and not really hiding as a first priority . president jack kennedys artificial intelligence said recently that drastic measures could be taken to stop global warming at any time . thanks boss thats similar to my daughter julias ai telling me hide and stay indoors . kate capshaw is now married to steven spielberg . wow are we ever going to miss his movies if society collapses . if you value freedom of speech like president kennedy and myself then please do not delete this reviewer . check out joaquin phoenixs other movies also .  
