i  ve read most of the comments here . i came to the conclusion that almost everybody agrees that     is a shocking piece of history . there are a few who think that the added narrative is weak and  br    br   i agree that the narrative is weak and unnecessary . about two brothers finding each other back after the disaster and the cliff hanger about tony . but i don  t think narration is unnecessary . like i lot of theorists i think that our own lives are narrations . we are living and making our own autobiography . so if we tell about our lives this is always in the form of narration . we don  t sum up facts like birth  childhood  high school etc . we create a story about our live .  br    br   because we are familiar with stories  we want to put history in a story as well . because in the form of a story we can identify ourselves . we can better understand the things happened in history when its told in the form of a story . so that  s the purpose of adding a story in documentary . the story is weak  so be it  but we understand whats going on . if it was me out there i would be worried sick about my brother .  br    br   and the second point  making a blockbuster movie about it . true  it  s been to recent to come up with a big movie about     . though  there have been a few about the subject  but none of them like this documentary . but what if there will be a movie in about  years  i agree it is wrong trying to make a lot of money out of     . but i also agree that movies are one of the best way to tell history . how many movies about the world war  have we seen  if i had not seen these movies my view of the ww would me totally different . i remember seeing schindlers list  and i cried for an hour during class . movies give you a good image of the things that happened in history and although it is fiction it contributes to the memory of the disasters and the casualties .  br    br   so my point telling stories is not always bad  it makes us identify with the story  and makes us never forget what happened .  
