     is a classic example of cinema verite  a sort of realist documentary  in this case of new york firemen as they battle against one of the most extraordinary events of world history . it  s all tiny  unobtrusive  hand  held video cameras  often betrayed by the poor quality of most of the filming  and by the director  naudet  s hand frequently wiping the screen  .  br    br   in this film  you get to know most of the firemen  tony benatatos  the rookie  or  probie   in ny fireman vernacular   the fire chief joseph pfeiffer  who finds he  s lost his brother later on  and a few others . there are studio interviews with most of these people throughout the film  just to emphasise the personal  reflexive nature of the events . the build  up is quite dramatic and well  done  particularly the passing  out ceremony at the fire department  with a few useful swish  pans and a sort of dialectical editing of the rather limited filmwork  just like rob reiner  s a few good men  . tony looks proud .  br    br   the viewpoint and camera angle is usually from amidst the firemen  which is interesting and there is some excellent footage from inside the lobby of wtc  while pfeiffer and his team plan what to do next  this is classic cinema verite . there is also the eery  haunting sound of the occasional human body crashing against the portico outside . it is then that an increasingly forlorn fire chief pfeiffer realises that his task is desperate and probably hopeless  and this is before wtc  collapses . you have to give credit to naudet for knowing which faces to film and at which moment .  br    br   the sound of the neighbouring wtc  collapsing is so awfully sad  poignant and terrifying that you realise what an ordeal this is for the firemen . from the lobby  it looks  feels and sounds like the end of the world and the poor firemen look so utterly bewildered and frightened . you hear an enormous rumbling  trembling maelstrom  like that of a giant  monolithic beast slowly falling to the ground after being so mortally wounded  the neighbouring tower has collapsed yet the fire team remaining in wtc  are oblivious to this event . where is the communication   br    br   this film is captivating yet the narration is amateurish and should have been avoided  cues like  this really was a day like no other  or naudet  s frequently banal pronouncements like  you could see fear in everybody  s eyes  and  i knew tony was freaking out   the film is really just one long video diary . there are no pictures from higher up the building where some of the firemen have gone . imagine this film blended with cctv footage from some of the rooms higher up or some of the news coverage from the day . the effect would be greater . you could even combine this story with that of mayor giuliani and  perhaps  the famous cornishman rick riscorla who literally was many floors up acting the hero .  br    br   i don  t see much of a propaganda element in this film  as some reviewers suggest . this film is no triumph of the will  by riefenstahl . some time later the firemen drape the american flag over a nearby  surviving building overlooking what has become ground zero . so what   br    br   there are also some moments of dubious camerawork for example  who is holding the camera when the two naudet brothers are reunited back at the fire station  is it staged   br    br   there is an excellent finish  very much in the traditon of the excellent french director alain resnais  hiroshima mon amour   with two strips of light reflected in the water  shimmying .  
