super  slick entertainment with a stellar cast  an outstanding script  and a firm grip on the approaching      s . at the time  rko was turning out classic noirs by the dozens . but whatever the value of those shadowy downers  they reflected a war  time mood soon to give way the sunnier climes of the eisenhower era . few films of the late     s are further from that noir cycle or more attuned to the coming consumer decade than this sassy little comedy .  br    br   jim blandings  cary grant  works as an ad  man on madison ave . where in his little daughter  s words   he sells things to people that they don  t need  at prices they can  t afford . he  s making good money  but like thousands of others  he  s tired of living in a cramped urban  cave  . so  with wife myrnah loy  they strike out after their dream house in the wilds of the connecticutt countryside . needless to say  in the arms of nature  they get more than they bargained for and in hilarious fashion .  br    br   there  s hardly a lifeless line in the entire script . i don  t know if writers panama and frank got an oscar  but they should have . of course  the humor revolves around all the problems that pop  up when city people build a big house on rural land . the annoyances pile up almost as fast as the mortgage  with all the eccentric types running the construction show and giving grant a hard time . of course  no one carries off annoyance or frustration more humorously than grant  so it  s just one well  placed laugh after another  particularly when the locked closet appears to have an infernal mind of its own . yet  oddly  the film appears to have no comedic high  point . instead the laughs are spaced out so expertly that they don  t peak at any particular point . that  s a real movie triumph for any era .  br    br   reaching back   years later  we can see how deftly the script ideas look ahead rather than behind . with their live  in maid  the blandings may not be a typical american family  but that post  war migration from cramped cities to spacious suburbia was typical . and what more suggestive job for the coming consumerism than blandings as an  ad  man  tasked with finding catchier ways to sell more  ham  . more than anything  however  there  s the movie  s sunny optimism . oh sure  the feeling falters at times  yet the belief that a better future is on the horizon if the blandings just stick to their dream carries them through . indeed  life was going to improve for a lot of people during the coming surge  so i expect the film resonated deeply with audiences of the day . it  s that easily over  looked subtext  along with the sheer entertainment value  that makes this movie a key comedy statement of the post  war period .  br    br   so  if you haven  t seen it  catch it next time around .  
