why does this have such a low rating  i really don  t get it . . . is it because of the bad acting  the bad dialogue  well  who cares about these things in cheesy low  budget horror movies  seriously  the acting and the dialogue isn  t important in those movies . people who hate movies only because of bad acting and bad dialogue shouldn  t be allowed to rate cheesy low  budget movies . those movies shouldn  t be taken seriously . period .  br    br   anyway  time to talk about the movie  right  well  i loved it  i bought it because i expected a gorefest  but it  s not a gorefest and the gore is pretty bad  most of the time it  s just animal guts placed on the body of the actors and that  s lame   but i didn  t really care because the movie is hilarious  the characters are hilarious  the acting is hilarious  bad acting is a good thing in cheesy low  budget horror movies   the dialogue is hilarious  bad dialogue is a good thing in cheesy low  budget horror movies   the zombie rapist with a huge dick is hilarious  the flying demon baby is hilarious and i could go on and on and on  but i don  t want to say too much . . . but i have to mention that there  s a scene in which a girl masturbates a sex doll like it  s alive lol  oh and the zombie rapist falls in love with the sex doll lol   br    br   best lines in the movie  br    br   detective manners sniffs coke detective sloane what the beep are you doing  manners  what the hell did you snort  what the hell is that  detective manners it  s nothing man  it  s . . . ehh . . . cold medicine . . .  br    br   detective manners injects heroin in his arm detective sloane what the beep are you doing  manners  are you beep insane  detective manners it  s cold medicine .  br    br   detective manners repeatedly kicks a random guy in the face detective sloane what the hell  s going on  manners  what are you doing  detective manners this maniac was rambling about demons and then he started smashing his head on the rock  he just started smashing his head on the rock  i think he  s on pcp or something   br    br   lol   
