japanese tomo akiyama  s keko mask       is extremely enjoyable trash film and so fun to watch  there are also some sequels  but i haven  t seen them since these films are hyper rare . some kind of re  releases some day would be nice since i think many trash lovers would like these films . the tongue in cheek story is about one extremely strict school in which teachers think that it is okay to torture students in order to attain discipline  which is  according to the teachers  the most important thing in education . the school is lead by incredibly funny looking  just look at the costume   human wizard  whatever  who is like principal in the school  and it only adds to the campiness that it is never explained why he wears such a costume since all other teachers are perfectly normally clothed . well  the main thing about the film is its name  keko mask  who is some beautiful and masked fairy  who comes always to save the girls and students who are abused and tortured by the teachers  yes  this superheroine is one effective female as she kicks and fights the evil teachers with totally cheesy soundtrack playing on the background . the most important thing is  of course  that she wears nothing but a cape and a mask with the rest of her body naked  her identity is never revealed in these films  and also the credits say  keko mask unknown  while the actor names are listed   br    br   the most hilarious thing in this film is how keko mask kills her enemies . she has a gorgeous  but lethal vagina  yes  you read right . she kills her victims by flying in the air in front of them  spreading her legs and letting the enemies become numbly charmed of the view  after which she flies closer and snaps their necks with her legs  the most usual last line the characters say in this film are like  i  ve never seen such a beautiful vagina  and  now i can die in peace .  this film is totally fantastic    br    br   there are also some great taunts towards japanese society for example its attitude towards sex in films  japanese censors optically fog  blur all the pubic hair in any film  and also about some restrictions among school students  like girls and boys are not allowed to talk in this film etc .  there  s one great scene in which one nerd sees girl  s bare you  know  what for the first time  and says  hey there  s no fog in it   i couldn  t help but laugh during this scene as i thought what do the japanese censors think about this . also  one character says in the end that he will return  if japan films allows to make the sequel . i  m glad it allowed as i  ve heard the sequels are equally outrageous . one sequel should include blues brothers  yes  those blues brothers   in it etc .  br    br   this is trash in its most enjoyable  funniest and also cleverest form and so it is a little shame these films are so hard to find . this would definitely be even greater experience  if it was little more fast moving at times as it becomes little boring at one point  but fortunately those segments are very few . this film has to be seen to be fully believed as there are so many trash elements i don  t mention here and it wouldn  t be even necessary to tell them all here . if you like trash cinema and films made with tongue in very cheek  i think you  ll love this little gem as i do  and the director is definitely a genius in this field      perhaps the only film in which a shining vagina is this lethal   
