i borrowed this movie despite its extremely low rating  because i wanted to see how the crew manages to animate the presence of multiple worlds . as a matter of fact  they didn  t  at least  so its seems . some cameo appearance cut rather clumsily into the movie  that  s it  this is what the majority of viewers think . however  the surprise comes at the end  and unfortunately then  when probably most of the viewers have already stopped this movie . i was also astonished when i saw that the brazilian  portuguese title of this movie means  voyage into death  . this is the spoiler .  br    br   that this movie is about a young girl who goes alone onto this boat  on reasons that are completely unclear   you understand only in the last  minutes . when you start the movie with the english title  haunted boat  in your head  you clearly think that the cameo appearances of strange figures are the  ghosts  . but in reality  this movie is not like most other horror movies told from the distant writer  watcher perspective who can at almost any time differentiate between different levels of reality  it is told from the perspective of the young girl . we see her not alone  but together with the four friends because she sees them . we do not see that she is alone . so  the parallel worlds are not the cameo appearances flickering into the picture  stream  but the main story  we have at least two parallel worlds the world in which the girl is and the world in which the  friends are . an intrusion of a third world is probably the young man with the medical skills who comes for a short time on the boat .  br    br   i cannot get rid of the deep conviction that with this movie  the movie  makers  cheated  an audience of several thousand people by letting them believe that what they have done is more or less a sophomore film  student elaborate with hastily  chosen  pseudo  actors that have met just the night before the start of the shooting in a dump after at least twelve beers . how mistaken can one be  but in addition to this big surprise which one learns only in the very last minutes  the end that follows gives another surprise . the girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat . when she has recovered from her shock  she visits again the place at the harbor where she ascended the boat together with the four friends . and there they are again  they wave her to them from the boat which has already taken off shore . she jumps into the water  arrives at the boat  and they are away . miraculously beautiful . it remembers me a bit to the end of a poem by a rhetoromance writer when i awoke  i saw death standing at my bed . but i closed my eyes . when i opened them again  he was gone .  
