what happens to washed up rock  n  roll stars in the late      s  they launch a comeback  reunion tour . at least  that  s what the members of strange fruit  a  fictional     s stadium rock group do .  br    br   tony  stephen rea  has the concession on condom vending machines when he runs into the son of the promoter of a famous music festival . it was at that festival in the    s that strange fruit broke up . the    s are  retro  and the time is right to wide that wave . he sets off in search of the other members of the band .  br    br   part of what broke up the band was the death and replacement of keith  the lead singer and brilliant song writer . the band was known for its excessive lifestyle and now they are all back amongst the working class from which they came . beano  the drummer  played by timothy spall  who was brilliant in secrets and lies  is a layabout  the bass player is a roofer  and their lead singer is still a rocker . while he owns a huge mansion he has been forced to sell it  as his fortune has not lasted . brian  the lead guitarist  is dead  so a young guitarist is hired to replace him .  br    br   somewhat reluctantly the band agree to give the reunion a try . abandoning their day jobs  they begin to rehearse  and their manager approaches their label about reissuing their albums . but he wants them to start touring again first . and so they hit the club circuit around europe . the club scene is not kind to these overweight  dated  old rockers .  br    br   it is on tour that the film really starts to develop . all of the old conflicts rearise  with the figures of keith and brian hovering throughout . they all hang together because they are all in search of a second chance for the greatness that eluded them earlier . and they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made playing together so enjoyable .  br    br   still crazy starts as spinal tap ii but gradually becomes a more dramatically focused film  following the relationships of the band members . while it is still a very funny movie  it is the evolving characters  struggling to deal with the deaths of brian and keith and with their own personal demons  that make the film work .  
