in the voice over which begins the film  hughie  billy connolly   a roadie for the great    s band strange fruit  said the reason lightning struck at a rock festival to stop strange fruit  s set was that god was sick of    s excess . indeed  it  s been popular to put down that era of music  and see punk as a welcome antidote to it . while i agree the excess was tiresome  as well as the misogynistic urges which came out of it   and like punk  i still am a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock  and this film about strange fruit  s long  strange reunion is an affectionate tribute to those days .  br    br   one of the reasons the film works is the care of the people behind the scenes . brian gibson directed what  s love got to do with it  about tina turner  while i had problems with the dramatic parts of the film  the music was handled very well   writers dick clement and ian le frenais co  wrote the commitments and were behind the music  oriented british tv show over the rainbow  and the songs strange fruit played were co  written by foreigner  s mick jones  not to be confused with the clash  s mick jones   so it was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking about . also  two cast members are musicians in their own right  bill nye i don  t know about  though the film credits him with his own singing  and he certainly looks like a lead singer of that era  while jimmy nail was in another british tv show which was music  oriented  though i forget the name  and he was in evita   and the others are convincing at it . and while  as i said  a lot of    s bands like strange fruit behaved badly towards women  the movie doesn  t make the same mistake  except for the woman who follows timothy spall around   as the manager of the reunion  juliet aubrey is quite good and plays a fully rounded character .  br    br   the other actors are all good as well  with special praise to stephen rea  who handles the more dramatic role well without sentimentality . there are a couple of plot points which don  t work  but overall this is quite enjoyable . oh yeah  and the music is good too .  
