the funky  yet strictly second  tier british glam  rock band strange fruit breaks up at the end of the wild  n  wacky excess  ridden    s . the individual band members go their separate ways and uncomfortably settle into lackluster middle age in the dull and uneventful    s morose keyboardist stephen rea winds up penniless and down on his luck  vain  neurotic  pretentious lead singer bill nighy tries  and fails  to pursue a floundering solo career  paranoid drummer timothy spall resides in obscurity on a remote farm so he can avoid paying a hefty back taxes debt  and surly bass player jimmy nail installs roofs for a living . former loving groupie turned patient  understanding  long  suffering manager juliet aubrey gets the group back together for an ill  advised  largely ineffectual and hilariously disastrous twenty years later nostalgic reunion tour of europe . our lovably ragged bunch try gamely  but fumblingly to reignite a flame that once burned quite brightly back in the day . scraggly zonked  out roadie billy connelly and cocky eager beaver young guitarist hans matheson tag along for the delightfully bumpy  trouble  plagued  but still ultimately rewarding and enjoyable ride .  br    br   director brian gibson shows tremendously infectious respect and adoration for both his amiably screwy characters in particular and loud  ringing  flamboyantly overblown preening    s rock in general  this imbuing this affectionate little pip with an utterly engaging sense of big  hearted charm and tireless verve . the astute  sharply written script by dick clement and ian la frenais likewise bristles with spot  on dry wit and finely observed moments of joyous on the road inanity  capturing a certain bittersweetly affecting and frequently uproarious vibe that gives the picture itself an irresistibly luminescent glow . ashley rowe  s lovely  elegant cinematography ensures that the movie always looks quite visually sumptuous while the perfectly catchy and groovy music does the trick with right  on rockin  flair and aplomb . kudos also to the across  the  board terrific performances that vividly nail the burnt  out soul and tattered  but still fiercely beating heart of a past its prime has  been ragtag rock outfit desperate to regain its erstwhile evanescent glory in one final bid for big time success . all in all  this radiant and touching gem rates highly as one of the true seriocomic sleeper treats from the    s .  
