this series could very well be the best britcom ever  and that is saying a great deal  considering the competitors  fawlty towers  good neighbours  to name just two  .  br    br   what made butterflies so superior  even to the best of the best  is that it did not just exemplify great  classic  classy and intelligent comedy  but it also expanded horizons  reflecting  flawlessly  gently  and at every detail  the great social change that was occurring in britain at the time .  br    br   i remember watching this show as a teenager and being in awe of everything about it . the lifestyle depicted was remarkable in itself . this was the first time i saw real people using cordless phones . and the wardrobe of all the characters was far removed from the goofy seventies attire still seen in north america at the time . then there were the decors  shop fronts  cars . these people  even the layabout sons  with their philosophical approach to life and epigrammatic humor  were sophisticated . they were examples of the  new europeans  that would come to have an impact on life and style throughout the world in the coming decade      s  .  br    br   of course  the premise was strange and fantastic . the idea that someone who was living the suburban dream could be so discontent and restless was revolutionary  particularly to north americans for whom happiness was always defined as money and things  sure the situation was depicted in american movies and tv  but not with the intensity of butterflies or the movie montenegro  . and  if the premise was not surprising enough  the means by which it was expressed took it to the extreme . a potential affair that was not really about sex  or even romance  butterflies dazzled many  but it must have left some people smacking their foreheads in disbelief . . . at the time anyway .  br    br   butterflies turned out to be  in so many ways  prophetic . it documented  ahead of its time  post  modern ennui  all  pervasive lifestyle  the notion of emotional infidelity  and generational disconnect and male discontent  portrayed perfectly by the strained father  son relationships  . it is too bad this series has not been rediscovered in a big way  and all those involved given credit for creating a meaningful snapshot of a certain time and place  and foreseeing all the slickness and angst that was to come .  
