hello  i was alanrickmaniac . i  m a still crazy  holic . it was just another movie i watched partly on tv . then i had to get the video tape to finally find out how it ends . then i wanted the dvd  because the tape showed first signs of decay after a few weeks . after the dvd i had to lay my hands on the soundtrack . then on several film posters and the film script . right now it has become that worse that i try to push other people into addiction with my website and still crazy parties .  br    br   how could that happen  what drove me into addiction   br    br   ok  it  s one of those funny but somehow sad and melancholic intelligent comedies like only the british can produce .  br    br   alright  the movie is worlds apart from stuff like   this is spinal tap    because of the characters  that aren  t childish or ultra cool  but real . this is a story about men getting older  too . a story about men getting along with each other . or don  t . it contains some of the best actors possible . tim spall . stephen rea . bruce robinson . jimmy nail . and bill nighy . bill nighy who puts on one of the best performances i  ve ever seen in a film .  br    br   good  the soundtrack is unbelievable . foreigner  s mick jones has written the songs for the imaginary band strange fruit . jimmy nail who plays bass  man les wickes and bill nighy portraying the egocentric but awkward singer ray simms are really singing . we know that about jimmy nail  but if you  ve only heard bill nighy  s singing in  love actually   you have no idea how great and powerful his voice is .  br    br   well  you  ll fever for every scene to come for the x  th time  especially those concert scenes . you  d die to be able to really stand in the dancing crowd when strange fruit is doing  all over the world   singing on the top of your lungs . you long to cry and celebrate with thousands of people the rebirth of the real strange fruit at wisbech  s festival stage .  br    br   it  s hard but . . . i  m addicted to this film . i  m addicted to strange fruit . if there  s a world where this band really exists i  d like to move there .  br    br   got still crazy . . . anyone   
