it might be a little erroneous to open a review by describing a film in terms of other films  but i think it  s the best way to give an approximation of the place election occupies in the gangster genre arena . it works somewhere in between the godfather and kinji fukasaku  s yakuza opus the yakuza papers  aka battles without honour and humanity   in that it is simultaneously both romanticized and realistic  dark and gritty . but it  s also a johnnie to film  and as such it carries the distinct touch of the hong kong auteur .  br    br   every two years the hk triad elects a new boss . only this time one of the candidates is not overly happy with the result so he decides to take matters into his own hands much to the dismay of the rest of the triads and the police . that  s the story in a nutshell but rest assured it has a lot more going for it than that . as in the yakuza papers  there  s a great deal of scheming  back  stabbing and forming and switching of allegiances  sometimes all it takes is a phone call  in one of the most memorable scenes i  ve seen in recent time  which might not necessarily make for deep drama but makes for an interesting plot and good character conflict . fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect . election is not as action  oriented as one might expect although it is violent . and i  m not talking about the glossy  glamour version of hollywood violence . this is dark and grim . to  s camera lingers in the scenes of people being brutalized in ways that reveal both the humanity and inhumanity of the perpetrators and victims after all violence is an integral part of us whether we like it or not .  br    br   if you  re familiar with to  s style  then you should know what to expect . the pacing is relatively slow and deliberate . the cinematography is great  slick and dark in equal measures  utilizing dark hues  brown  dark green and orange  while the smooth tracking shots add a vibrant quality to it . in the end  election occupies a peculiar place . it  s not exactly a character study and it  s not an action  oriented gangster film . it explores a situation  the election and its aftermath   but does so in style  and is both realistic and romanticized  the triad ceremonies in particular echo of an oriental godfather  .  
