first off  i must say that i made the mistake of watching the election films out of sequence . i say unfortunately  because after seeing election  first  election seems a bit of a disappointment . both films are gangster epics that are similar in form . and while election is an enjoyable piece of cinema . . . it  s just not nearly as good as it  s sequel .  br    br   in the first election installment  we are shown the two competitors for chairman big d and lok . after a few scenes of discussion amongst the  uncle  s  as to who should have the chairman title  they  almost unanimously  decide that lok  simon yam  will helm the triads . suffice to say this doesn  t go over very well with competitor big d  tony leung ka fai  and in a bid to influence the takeover  big d kidnaps two of the uncles in order to sway the election board to his side . this has disastrous results and heads the triads into an all out war . lok is determined to become chairman but won  t become official until he can recover the  dragon head baton   a material representation of the chairman  s power . the current chairman  whistle  chung wang  has hidden the baton somewhere in mainland china and the race is on to see who can recover it first .  br    br   much of the film is devoted to the recovery of the baton . as both aspiring leaders search for it they must dodge cops and opposite sides  which leads into one of the stand out scenes in election  which involves an underling named jet  nick cheung   a machete  and lots of bad guys . nick cheung  s presence is attention grabbing to say the least . . . i wonder if this influenced director johhnie to in any way while making the second election  as he does deliver more of jet  s character in the sequel .  br    br   while nick cheung gives a scene stealing performance  i must not fail to give due to the rest of the film  s actors . election has a great ensemble cast with well thought out performances that are both subtle and impacting . simon yam is his usually glorious self and the film also benefits from heavyweight hk actors like louis koo  tony leung ka fai  and the under  appreciated suet lam . there really aren  t any weak links in the acting and one could easily believe that they  re watching real gangsters .  br    br   although the performances are great  one of the most impressive things about election is johnnie to  s eye for the camera . there are some truly striking shots in the film and it goes without saying that to definitely knows how to frame his shots  as the viewer is treated to a series of innovative and quite brilliant camera placings and angles . all of which makes election  above all  a great looking film .  br    br   my issues with the film arises mostly out of the shear amount of characters involved in election . it gets a bit hard to follow because the film is so full of characters that aren  t integral to the plot . while the sequel opts to focus more on the two candidates  the first election offers the election process as a whole with tons of uncles  underlings  and police officers crowding the storyline . maybe the film would have worked better if it would have been a bit longer with more time dedicated to the inner workings of the triad  or if director johnnie to would have funneled down the necessary elements and expounded on them more .  br    br   bottom line  all in all  this is a wonderfully brutal film with a great cast  excellent direction  and leisurely pacing that packs a punch . it  s just a little more complicated than it needed to be .  
