twelve years ago  production stopped on the slasher flick  hot blooded  since almost everyone on the set started dying . now  a couple of film students have decided to finish the film  despite the fact that there  s a rumor that the film is cursed . well  they  re about to find out that some curses are real .  br    br   when scream was released  every country seemed to want to cash in on its success  even australia . the concept  which today has been done to death  a slasher film within a slasher film  was at the time relatively cool and original . this movie was released right before urban legends final cut and scream   well not in the us but in australia  so it felt like the first movie with this concept . when urban legends  was released  most of us had all ready grown sick of the concept and since the movie wasn  t even good  the movie flopped disastrously . now  cut is not the best slasher flick ever  and nor does it try to be . it knows that it  s a rip  off  and they even cast a girl who looks like a blonde version of neve campbell in the starring role . but instead of trying to add some new and original twists to the story  they  ve decided to rip  off some   s slasher flicks like  nightmare on elm street  as well and surprisingly enough  this actually works . the killer is very creepy and that mask is just killer  and instead of trying to scare the audience to death  they  ve created a very good and creepy atmosphere which keeps us in suspense through most of the movie . there are a couple of plot holes in the movie though that i wasn  t able to fully ignore  the ending being the biggest plot hole in the movie . spoiler ahead i mean  they burnt the only copy of the movie so where the hell did they find the print that they show in the final scene  it makes no sense i tell you . end of spoilers . all in all  cut is a pretty creepy slasher flick with a silly story but i consider this to be one of the better scream rip  offs that never made it big . i  m surprised that this one never got a sequel  but i guess it simply came out too late .  br    br   suspenseful australian slasher flick with very few scares . cut is still a pretty neat slasher movie and i will have to recommend this one even though i consider the story to be quite silly since it  s completely ludicrous .  
