homelessness  or houselessness as george carlin stated  has been an issue for years but never a plan to help those on the street that were once considered human who did everything from going to school  work  or vote for the matter . most people think of the homeless as just a lost cause while worrying about things such as racism  the war on iraq  pressuring kids to succeed  technology  the elections  inflation  or worrying if they  ll be next to end up on the streets .  br    br   but what if you were given a bet to live on the streets for a month without the luxuries you once had from a home  the entertainment sets  a bathroom  pictures on the wall  a computer  and everything you once treasure to see what it  s like to be homeless  that is goddard bolt  s lesson .  br    br   mel brooks  who directs  who stars as bolt plays a rich man who has everything in the world until deciding to make a bet with a sissy rival  jeffery tambor  to see if he can live in the streets for thirty days without the luxuries if bolt succeeds  he can do what he wants with a future project of making more buildings . the bet  s on where bolt is thrown on the street with a bracelet on his leg to monitor his every move where he can  t step off the sidewalk . he  s given the nickname pepto by a vagrant after it  s written on his forehead where bolt meets other characters including a woman by the name of molly  lesley ann warren  an ex  dancer who got divorce before losing her home  and her pals sailor  howard morris  and fumes  teddy wilson  who are already used to the streets . they  re survivors . bolt isn  t . he  s not used to reaching mutual agreements like he once did when being rich where it  s fight or flight  kill or be killed .  br    br   while the love connection between molly and bolt wasn  t necessary to plot  i found  life stinks  to be one of mel brooks  observant films where prior to being a comedy  it shows a tender side compared to his slapstick work such as blazing saddles  young frankenstein  or spaceballs for the matter  to show what it  s like having something valuable before losing it the next day or on the other hand making a stupid bet like all rich people do when they don  t know what to do with their money . maybe they should give it to the homeless instead of using it like monopoly money .  br    br   or maybe this film will inspire you to help others .  
