every once in a while the conversation will turn to  favorite movies .  i  ll mention titanic  and at least a couple people will snicker . i pay them no mind because i know that five years ago  these same people were moved to tears by that very movie . and they  re too embarrassed now to admit it .  br    br   i just rewatched titanic for the first time in a long time . expecting to simply enjoy the story again  i was surprised to find that the movie has lost none of its power over these five years . i cried again . . . . in all the same places . it brought me back to     when i can remember how a movie that no one thought would break even became the most popular movie of all time . a movie that burst into the public consciousness like no other movie i can recall  yes  even more than star wars  . and today  many people won  t even admit they enjoyed it . folks  let  s get something straight   you don  t look cool when you badmouth this film . you look like an out of touch cynic .  br    br   no movie is perfect and this one has a few faults . some of the dialogue falls flat  and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers comes together a little too neatly . however  none of this is so distracting that it ruins the film .  br    br   leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet are wonderful . leo is one of the fine actors of his generation . wait  til you see him in gangs of new york before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy . kate winslet was so strong in this film . the movie really was hers  and she held it together beautifully .  br    br   james cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable titanic . the sinking scenes were horrific  just as they were that night . how anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me . i was utterly transfixed .  br    br   this film is one memorable scene after another . titanic leaving port in southampton . rose and jack at the bow   flying  .  iceberg  right ahead   the screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean . the screams of the doomed after she went down . and that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears .  br    br   the music  which has also been a victim of the film  s success  was a key ingredient . james horner  s score was simply perfect . and the love theme was beautiful and tragic . too bad celine dion  s pop song version had to destroy this great bit of music for so many .  br    br   i confess  i am a titanic buff . as such  i relished the opportunity to see the ship as we never got to see it   in all its beauty . perhaps watching it sink affected me more than some because i  ve had such an interest in the ship all my life . however  i doubt many of those i saw crying were titanic buffs . i applaud cameron for bringing this story to the masses in a way that never demeaned the tragedy . the film was made with such humanity .  br    br   another reviewer said it better than i ever could open up your hearts to titanic  and you will not be disappointed .  
