shinjuku triad society  albeit from perfect  is a fiercely compelling film for what it tries to depict in its uber  conventional realm . it  s a yakuza  triad picture  involving cops versus japanese   or chinese gangsters  mostly chinese  as the title suggests   but already even in his first technical  debut   takashi miike is already establishing many aspects to films that he would make from here  on in . social issues like black market trading of precious goods  in this case human organs usually from children nostalgia for childhood and one  s roots  which was especially prevalent in dead or alive   thumbing  of  the  nose at taboos like gay sex and  satirical  rape  violence towards women blood  curdling violence . it  s certainly not as surreal as some of miike  s most recent films  but this is expected as he  s trying out things that he  s just starting to learn  following a track record of straight to video programmers . it  s got all of those qualities  and it  s also  like the films that would follow from it  equally savage and heartfelt  crazy  in spots  and sardonic in its drama  and solid for genre fans .  br    br   the story concerns two brothers  one a chinese orphan raised in japan  tatsuhito kiriya  kippei shiina  pretty decent as a eastwood  esquire anti  hero  hero   who  s become a detective  and another  who  s become a gangster  or a would  be one . the main arch likely takeover gang comes from wang  a definite pun on what the gang represents during its spare  time  played by tomorowo taguchi as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes   and his partner karino  takeshi caesar  who  s threatening even when just repeating a commandment over and over to a woman who  s just had her eye plugged out following a sour deal   who are the ruthless kind to pop up almost organically in a miike movie . there  s some intrigue involving the organ  trading scheme with the gangsters  which kiriya almost becomes a victim of  and the gang  s penchant for gay sex  at least with one little puppet of sorts who does whatever the main gangsters want . it all leads up to vengeance and redemption  qualities that miike and his writer are trying to emulate from shakespeare  hence the macbeth bit with wang washing his bloody hangs over and over after some gay sex saying  it won  t come off   .  br    br   if it doesn  t add up to the same emotional level of impact that a great shakespeare play would have  it  s par for the course of a film like this . miike  s goals are met  though just met  in his low  scale ambitions a gangster picture with some added levels of harsh familial trouble  the main tension between the brothers comes out of profession and duty to parents   notes on the crueler aspects of underworld crime  and what the realm of unrepentant sex  with both sexes  brings out psychologically in the characters . at the same time  shinjuku triad society also contains more than a few moments of classic biting black  comedy from the miike oeuvre . some of it just has to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his outrageousness  like the bit at the beginning with the chair smashing over the face  or the randomness of the  interrogation  as it goes into a very twisted area . there  s even a laugh  out  loud line from the young sex  slave after finishing an act on one of the bosses  thank you  mr . weeny  burger .  miike and his writer don  t have enough here to make the film a full  on dark comedy like ichi or  of course  visitor q  but there  s enough to bring some appropriate levity to the darker aspects to the story and characters .  br    br   as the first entry of the  black society  trilogy  as it  s called  i was quite impressed  and it  s a fine quasi  calling card from one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema .  
