uneven bollywood drama . karisma kapoor is excellent as an indian woman in canada who marries a friend  sanjay kapoor   has a child  and then visits his family in india only to find they are terrorist warlords . drama and tragedy ensue  and the film becomes a kind of not without my baby styled thriller . film is compelling  its few song  dance numbers are uninteresting and needless  the gaity of bollywood song and dance is really out of character for the intensity of this film  s drama  at least once we  ve left the comforting confines of their canadian love nest  although one number involving a cameo by the stunning aishwarya rai is enjoyably provocative  if ultimately misplaced as well . likewise  the inclusion of bollywood superstar shahrukh khan as a happy  go  lucky drifter who helps kapoor in her escape from the clutches of the warlord turns what had been a very serious drama into a silly farce  and it only gets back on his feet when his character  and his fantasies about rai that generate her cameo dance  are dispensed with . his throw  away comic  book dialog and the silliness of his fight scenes detract from the film  s primary gripping drama . the cast is nicely supported by nana patekar as the warlord  and the elegant deepti naval who is outstanding as his long  suffering wife who finally choses to stand up against him in one of the film  s best scenes ritu shivpuri and rajshree solanki are also very good as sanjay  s sisters in india  and very pleasing eye candy . but sanjay himself overacts terribly  especially during obvious ad  libs . the directorial style of writer  director krishna wamsi is sloppy  rampant with rough transitions and abrupt cuts  although his camera movement is good . the musical underscore is also quite effective  moody  featuring wordless female voice over a small orchestral ensemble  too bad little if any of that made it onto shakti  s soundtrack cd  but bollywood hasn  t yet discovered the value of including score along with songs on their soundtrack albums  at least not in most cases  . but shakti is karisma kapoor  s film  all the way  though  and the intensity of her performance once the film switches to india contrasts nicely with the gentle romance with which she engaged with sanjay in the initial canadian scenes . despite the unevenness of much of the picture  karisma  s performance completely sells the film and solidifies its otherwise inconsistent measures . in a strange way  also  i found the story to be another take on the ostentation of royalty i  d noticed in curse of the golden flower and marie antoinette  both of which i  d seen just prior  although shakti of course is an entirely different kind of film but the focus on a dysfunctional royal family  here living in the austerity of terrorism  controlled poverty in india rather than the elegance of versailles or the massive megalomania of feudal china  s tang dynasty  whose self  serving seeking of power brings ruin upon many others and forces an uprising of one kind or another provides the film with a notable subtext .  
