this is one of the finest films to come out of hong kong  s  new wave  that began with tsui hark  s  zu warriors of magic mountain  . tsui set a tone for the new wave  s approach to the martial arts film that pretty much all the directors of the new wave  jackie chan  sammo hung  wong jing  ching siu tung  etc .  accepted from then on as a given namely  the approach to such films thenceforth would need more than a touch of irony  if not outright comedy .  burning paradise  put a stop to all that  and with a vengeance .  br    br   it  s not that there isn  t humor here but it is a purely human humor  as with the aged buddhist priest at the beginning who somehow manages a quick feel of the nubile young prostitute while hiding in a bundle of straw . but this is just as humans are  not even buddhist priests can be saints all the time .  br    br   when irony is at last introduced into the film  it is the nastiest possible  emanating from the  abbot  of red lotus temple  who is a study in pure nihilism such as has never been recorded on film before . he is the very incarnation of milton  s satan from  paradise lost    better to rule in hell than serve in heaven   and if he can  t get to satan  s hell soon enough  he  ll turn the world around him into a living hell he can rule .  br    br   that  s the motif underscoring the brutal violence of much of the imagery here it  s not that the abbot just wants to kill people he wants them to despair  to feel utterly hopeless  to accept his nihilism as all  encompassing reality . thus there  s a definite sense pervading the red temple scenes that there just might not be any other reality outside of the temple itself  it has become all there is to the universe  and the abbot  claiming mastery of infinite power  is in charge .  br    br   of course  fortunately  the film doesn  t end there . though there are losses  the human will to be just ordinarily human at last prevails .  if you want to know how  see the film   yet there is no doubt that  in viewing this film  we visit hell . hopefully  we do not witness our own afterlives but we certainly feel chastened by the experience  and somehow better for it over all .  
