wow  alot of reviews for the devils experiment are here . wonderful . my name is steve and i run unearthed films . we just started releasing the guinea pig films on dvd for north america . now before you ask why am i writing a review  instead ask why some people bash it . i  m writing this review because i love the guinea pig films . why do i love em  it  s because they go for the throat and they don  t let go . i  ve seen it all . almost every horror film known to man  argento  fulci  bava  buttgereit . from every underground cult sensation to every hollywood blockbuster . i  ve seen it all and the films that have stuck in my head over the years was definitely the guinea pig films . why because it doesn  t try to hide the reason why we watch horror movies in the  st place . this review is for the devils experiment . i find it devoid of story which is fine by me . why do i watch horror films  so i can see blood and gore and the torture of people . the devils experiment not only delivers but that  s all it is . pure unadulterated violence . yeah i like a story but sometimes i just want the gore and the devils experiment delivers ten fold . why do people bash it . cause they like a story  so that the torture and death of a person can be hidden behind a story . it make em feel better about themselves . we all want blood and gore . it  s just really hard to justify it if it  s not wrapped around a story . the guinea pig films have a historical meaning to them and they have created a definitive splash whenever they have been released .  br    br   i  m thrilled to be able to release one of the most famous horror series in the world . maybe i shouldn  t have written this review but then again maybe i should . my view is biased cause were releasing them but then again it  s not . i  ve always told people to find them and to watch them way before i started unearthed films . sure it  s exploitive and over the top but isn  t that why we watch horror films in the  st place . the devils experiment is not for everybody . it  s for thrill seekers and gorehounds only . if you think jason movies and freddy krueger movies are awesome then stick to those . but if your on the next level and have seen it all then the devils experiment is for you . there is a reason why they haven  t been released for over   years . they are wrong  disgusting and down right freaky and not something to watch with your mom  unless she is totally cool . good luck  enjoy and never stop living your life .  
