here  s my first david mamet directed film . fitting  since it was his first  as well .  br    br   the story here is uneven and it moves along like any con movie  from the little cons to the big cons to the all  encompassing con . it  s like  the grifters   but without that film  s level of acting .  in that film  john cusack was sort of bland but that was the nature of his character .  the acting here is very flat  i sometimes wondered if the bland acting by crouse was supposed to be some sort of attack on psychoanalysis  . at least in the beginning . it never gets really good  but it evolves beyond painfully stiff line reading after about ten minutes . early in the film  some of lindsay crouse  s lines   the way she reads them   sound as if they  re inner monologue or narration  which they aren  t . with the arrival of mantegna things pick up .  br    br   the dialogue here isn  t as fun as it should be . i was expecting crackerjack ring  a  ding  ding lines that roll off the tongue  but these ones don  t . it all sounds very read  rather than spoken . maybe mamet evolved after this film and loosened up  but if not  then maybe he should let others direct his words . he  s far too precious with them here and as a result  they lose their rhythmic  jazzy quality . what  s more strange is that other than this  the film doesn  t look or feel like a play . the camera is very cinematic . my only problem with  glengarry glen ross  was that it looked too much like filmed theatre  but in that film the actors were not only accomplished  but relaxed and free . everything flowed .  br    br   i wouldn  t mind so much if it sounded like movie characters speaking movie lines   or even play characters speaking play lines   but here it sounds like movie  or even book  characters speaking play lines . it  s a weird jumble of theatre and film that just doesn  t work . that doesn  t mean the movie is bad   it isn  t  it  s often extremely entertaining . the best chunk is in the middle .  br    br   it  s standard con movie stuff the new guy  in this case  girl  margaret ford  lindsay crouse  gets involved in the seedy con underworld . how she gets involved is she  s a psychiatrist and one of her patients  billy is a compulsive gambler . she wants to help him out with his gambling debt  so she walks into the house of games  a dingy game room where con men work in a back room . i  ll admit the setup is pretty improbable .  were they just expecting crouse to come in  were they expecting she  d write a cheque  was billy in on it  one of these questions is definitely answered by the end  however .   br    br   and from here the cons are start to roll out . i found the beginning ones   the little learner ones   to be the most fun . we  re getting a lesson in the art of the con as much as crouse is .  br    br   we see the ending coming  and then we didn  t see the second ending coming  and then the real ending i didn  t see coming but maybe you did . the ball just keeps bouncing back and forth and by the last scene in the movie we realize that the second crouse walked into the house of games she found her true calling .  br    br   i  m going to forgive the annoying opening  the improbable bits and the strange line  reading because there are many good things here . if the first part of the movie seems stagy  stick with it . after the half  hour mark it does really get a momentum going . if you want a fun con movie  then here she is . if you want mamet  go watch  glengarry glen ross  again   james foley did him better .  br    br     
