house of games is spell binding . it  s so nice to occasionally see films that are perfect tens . there are few movies i  ve seen that can grip you so quickly . from the opening scene this movie just gets you .  br    br   i  m trying really hard not to give to much away to those who may not yet have seen this but there will be a few spoilers so don  t read anymore if you don  t want to know .  br    br   i would say house of games is not just a superb film but is the best movie about con artists i have ever seen  bar none . from the moment the movie is over it begs to be replayed .  br    br   lindsay crouse as margaret ford is simply perfection  from her mannerisms to the inflection of her voice she gets into the role immediately . joe mantegna was also wonderful . the dialogue in this movie has an unforced almost unscripted quality and these two people communicate as much in a look as they do with their voices . i also loved the way the movie was filmed  in that grainy  surreal type of way  it fit perfectly and helped make the film what it was .  br    br   there were a few movies i  ve seen and loved that this reminded me of including the grifters and the usual suspects but really  house of games is completely different in it  s way . margaret and mike are two of the most absorbing characters i  ve seen on the big screen and not only do they have screen chemistry that is strong and palpable from the moment they meet  but the buildup that starts from the moment they set eyes on each other is electrifying . you know something  s going to happen but you have no idea what . and just when you think you  ve guessed what the  something  is  you realize you haven  t even scratched the surface . . . .  br    br   house of games is one of those movies that may be lumped in to a certain genre of movie type but is essentially a movie about human nature . the character study is not just about the mind of the con artist but the victim as well . as the movie moves along and we get to know more and more about the main characters  we learn about them not just through what they say but how they say it . it is a great character study and is flawless in the way it speeds to it  s conclusion .  br    br   in closing  i  d rank this   of    call it  although not my absolute favorite film  pretty high on the list   most definitely outstanding and would go so far as to say it does rank as one of the best character studies and contains some of the best  twists  i  ve ever seen as well . although i love all types and genres of movies  when it comes to movies of the human psyche  it really doesn  t get much better then this . see this movie .  
