david mamet wrote the screenplay and made his directorial debut with house of games   a character study fraught with psychological overtones  in which a psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of the confidence game . margaret ford  lindsay crouse  has a successful practice and has written a best  selling novel   driven .  still  she is somewhat discontented with her own personal life there  s an emptiness she can neither define nor resolve  and it primes her vulnerability . when a patient  billy hahn  steven goldstein   confides to her during a session that he owes big money to some gamblers  and that they  re going to kill him if he doesn  t pay  she decides to intervene on his behalf . this takes her to the house of games   a seedy little dive where she meets mike  joe mantegna   a charismatic con  man who wastes no time before enticing her into his world . instead of the twenty  five large  that billy claimed he owed  mike shows her his book  and it turns out to be eight hundred dollars . and mike agrees to wipe the slate clean  if she  ll agree to do him one simple favor  which involves a card game he has going on in the back room . in the middle of a big hand  mike is going to leave the room for a few minutes while he is gone  her job is to watch for the tell  of one of the other players . by this time  not only margaret  but the audience  as well  is hooked . the dialogue  and mamet  s unique style and the precise cadence with which his actors deliver their lines  is mesmerizing . as mike leads margaret through his compelling  surreal realm of existence  and introduces her to the intricacies of the con game  we are swept right along with her . from that first memorable encounter  when he demonstrates what a tell  is and how it works  to the lessons of the short con   to the stunning climax of this film  mamet keeps the con going with an urgency that is relentless . and nothing is what it seems . in the end  margaret learns some hard lessons about life and human nature  and about herself . she changes and whether or not it  s for the better is open to speculation . mantegna is absolutely riveting in this film he lends every nuance possible to a complex character who must be able to lead you willingly into the shadows  and does . crouse also turns in an outstanding performance here you feel the rigid  up  tight turmoil roiling beneath that calm  self  assured exterior  and when her experiences with mike induce the change in her  she makes you feel how deeply it has penetrated . she makes you believe that she is capable of what she does  and makes you understand it  as well . the dynamic supporting cast includes mike nussbaum  joey   lilia skala  dr . littauer   j . t . walsh  the businessman   ricky jay  george  and william h . macy  sergeant moran  . house of games  is the quintessential mamet he  s written and directed a number of high  caliber plays and films since  and will no doubt grace us with more in the future . but this film will be the one that defines him and you can go to the dictionary and look it up . you  ll find it under perfection .  this is one great movie you do not want to miss . i rate this one      .  
