meryl streep is excellent in her nuanced and stoic performance as the infamous lindy chamberlain who was accused and tried for allegedly killing her own baby azaria chamberlain and using her alibi of ravenous dingoes as her defense . based on the book  evil angels  and titled so in its australian release  a cry in the dark is an ugly film to watch . it presents a scenario that  s all too real for us in america the witch  hunt against a person deemed an easy target .  br    br   lindy chamberlain was this woman . being someone who spoke her mind  someone who didn  t play the sympathy card  and someone who was just tough enough to move on with her life despite her horrific ordeal  she was labeled as suspect and hated beyond comprehension even when it was clear she didn  t kill her own child . the media began a tightening noose and a progressive invasion of privacy that soon had the entire nation glued to their sets as they eviscerated this family piece by piece . and through it all  lindy remained as stoic as ever  even when her husband michael was falling apart .  br    br   this stance  of course  is the power of strength  as unsympathetic as it may look like  and people happen to react strongly to that . they want to see a distressed mother cry and weep and occasionally faint at every turn  not sit there and look blank . people don  t understand that not everyone grieves the same way and when someone decides to stand strong they begin speculations . meryl streep embodies this tainted woman to the hilt and in doing so creates a cold  but not unfeeling woman  one that stood by her convictions even if they cost her liberty . because of her  sam neill is allowed to have his character slowly dissolve into despair   someone has to  or the chamberlains would be too detached  and no one wants to see that . except the monster that has at the time of this writing become the news  media . they  ll always eat train wrecks up and feed the mangled manure to the uninformed public .  
