a remarkable documentary about the landmark achievements of the women lawyers association  wla  of kumba  in southwest cameroon  in legally safeguarding the rights of women and children from acts of domestic violence . in this muslim culture  where men have always been sovereign over women  according to sharia law  one can well imagine the difficulty of imposing secular legal rights for women and children . after   years of failed efforts  leaders of the wla began recently to score a few wins  and the purpose of this film is to share these victorious stories .  br    br   the leaders of this legal reform movement are vera ngassa  a state prosecutor  and beatrice ntuba  a senior judge  court president  . both play themselves in this film  which may contain footage shot spontaneously  though i imagine much of it  if not all  consists of subsequent recreations of real events for the camera . four cases are reviewed  and all of the plaintiffs also play themselves in the film .  br    br   two cases involve repeated wife beating  with forcible sex in one case another involves forced sex upon a   year old girl and yet another concerns the repeated beatings of a child  age   by an aunt . one of the beaten wives also is seeking a divorce . we follow the cases from the investigation of complaints to the outcomes of the trials . the outcomes in each case are favorable to the women and children . the perpetrators receive stiff prison terms and  or fines the divorce is granted .  br    br   the aggressive prosecution of the child beating aunt demonstrates that these female criminal justice officials are indeed gender  neutral when it comes to enforcing the law . also noteworthy is the respect with which all parties  including those found guilty  are treated . this is a highly important and well made film .  of interest is the fact that one of the directors  ms . longinotto  also co  directed the     film  divorce  iranian style  which dealt with related themes in tehran .   in broken english with english subtitles  . my grade b      
