my former cambridge contemporary simon heffer  today a writer and journalist  has put forward the theory that  just as british film  makers in the eighties were often critical of what they called  thatcher  s britain   the ealing comedies were intended as satires on  attlee  s britain   the britain which had come into being after the labour victory in the     general election . this theory was presumably not intended to apply to  say   kind hearts and coronets   which is  if anything  a satire on the edwardian upper classes  or to  the ladykillers  or  the lavender hill mob   both of which may contain some satire but are not political in nature . it can  however  be applied to most of the other films in the series  especially  passport to pimlico  .  br    br   pimlico is  or at least was in the forties  a predominantly working  class district of london  set on the north bank of the thames about a mile from victoria station . it is not quite correct to say  as has often been said  that the film is about pimlico  declaring itself independent  of britain . what happens is that an ancient charter comes to light proving that in the fifteenth century the area was ceded by king edward iv to the duchy of burgundy . this means that  technically  pimlico is an independent state  and has been for nearly five hundred years  irrespective of the wishes of its inhabitants . the government promise to pass a special act of parliament to rectify the anomaly  but until the act receives the royal assent the area remains outside the united kingdom and british laws do not apply .  br    br   because pimlico is not subject to british law  the landlord of the local pub is free to open whatever hours he chooses and local shopkeepers can sell whatever they please to whomever they please  unhindered by the rationing laws . when other traders start moving into the area to sell their goods in the streets  the british authorities are horrified by what they regard as legalised black  marketeering and seal off the area to try and force the  burgundians   as the people of pimlico have renamed themselves  to surrender .  br    br   many of the ealing comedies have as their central theme the idea of the little man taking on the system  either as an individual as happens in  the man in the white suit  or  the lavender hill mob   or as part of a larger community as happens in  whisky galore  or  the titfield thunderbolt  . the central theme of  passport  is that of ordinary men and women taking on bureaucracy and government  imposed regulations which seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in the britain of the forties . the film  s particular target is the rationing system . during the war the system had been accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against nazism  but it became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to retain it in peacetime . it was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the attlee administration which had been elected with a large majority in      and organisations such as the british housewives  league were set up to campaign for the abolition of rationing . i cannot agree with the reviewer who stated that the main targets of the film  s satire were the  spivs   black marketeers   who play a relatively minor part in the action  or the housewives  league  who do not appear at all . the satire is very much targeted at the bureaucrats  who are portrayed either as having a  rules for rules  sake  mentality or a desire to pass the buck and avoid having to take any action at all .  br    br   i suspect that if the film were to be made today it would have a different ending with pimlico remaining independent as a british version of monaco or san marino .  indeed  i suspect that today this concept would probably serve as the basis of a tv sitcom rather than a film  . in      however  four years after the end of the war  the film  makers were keen stress patriotism and british identity  so the film ends with pimlico being reabsorbed into britain . one of the best  known lines from the film is  we always were english and we always will be english and it  s just because we are english that we  re sticking up for our right to be burgundians  . there is a sharp contrast between the rather heartless attitude of officialdom with the common sense  tolerance and good humour of the cockneys of pimlico  all of which are presented as being quintessentially british characteristics .  br    br   most of the action takes place during a summer drought and sweltering heatwave  but in the last scene  after pimlico has rejoined the uk the temperature drops and it starts to pour with rain . global warming may have altered things slightly  but for many years part of being british was the ability to hold the belief  whatever statistics might say to the contrary  that britain had an abnormally wet climate . the ability to make jokes about that climate was equally important .  br    br   there is a good performance from stanley holloway as arthur pemberton  the grocer and small  time local politician who becomes the prime minister of free pimlico  and an amusing cameo from margaret rutherford as a batty history professor . in the main  however  this is  appropriately enough for a film about a small community pulling together  an example of ensemble acting with no real star performances but with everyone making a contribution to an excellent film . it lacks the ill  will and rancour of many more recent satirical films  but its wit and satire are no less effective for all that . it remains one of the funniest satires on bureaucracy ever made and  with the possible exception of  kind hearts and coronets  is my personal favourite among the ealing comedies .       
