when i really began to be interested in movies  at the age of eleven  i had a big list of  must see  films and i would go to blockbuster and rent two or three per weekend some of them were not for all audiences and my mother would go nuts . i remember one of the films on that list was  a chorus line  and could never get it so now to see it is a dream come true .  br    br   of course  i lost the list and i would do anything to get it back because i think there were some really interesting things to watch there . i mean  take  a chorus line   a stage play turned into film . i know it  s something we see a lot nowadays  but back then it was a little different  apparently and this film has something special .  br    br   most of the musicals made movies today  take the chance the camera gives them for free  to create different sceneries and take the characters to different places  a chorus line  was born on a theater stage as a play and it dies in the same place as a movie . following a big audition held by recognized choreographer zach  michael douglas   richard atenborough directs a big number of dancers as they try to get the job .  br    br   everything happens on the same day the tension of not knowing  the stress of having to learn the numbers  the silent competition between the dancersand it all occurs on the stage  where douglas puts each dancer on the spotlight and makes them talk about their personal life and their most horrible experiences . there are hundreds of dancers and they are all fantastic  but they list shortens as the hours go by .  br    br   like a movie i saw recently   a prairie home companion   the broadcast of a radio show  atenborough here deals with the problem of continuity . on or behind the stage  things are going on  and time doesn  t seem to stop . again  i don  t if atenborough cut a lot to shoot this  but it sure doesn  t look like it and anyway it  s a great directing and editing  john bloom  work . but in that little stage  what you wonder is what to do with the camerawith only one setting  ronnie taylor  s cinematography finds the way  making close  ups to certain characters  zooming in and out  showing the stage from different perspective and also giving us a beautiful view of new york .  br    br   in one crucial moment  douglas tells the ones that are left  before we start eliminating you  re all terrific and i  d like to hire you all but i can  t  . this made me think about reality shows today  where the only thing that counts is the singing or dancing talent and where the jury always says that exact words to the contestants before some of them are leaving  even when they are not good  . it  s hard  you must imagine at least here  where all of them really are terrific .  br    br   to tell some of the stories  the characters use songs and  in one second  the stage takes a new life and it literally is  a dream come true  . the music by marvin hamlisch and the lyrics by edward kleban make the theater to film transition without flaws  showing these dancers  feelings and letting them do those wonderful choreographies by michael bennett . the book in the theater also becomes a flawless and very short screenplay by arnold schulman which is very touching at times . so if it  s not with a song it will be with a word but in  a chorus line   it  s impossible not to be moved .  br    br   during one of the rehearsal breaks in the audition  cassie  a special dancer played by alyson reed  takes the stage to convince douglas character that she can do it . the words  let me dance for you  never sounded more honest and more beautifully put in music and lyrics .  
