i would highly recommend this movie  and i certainly shall be personally recommending it to my friends and family here and abroad  it was with excited anticipation  that i have just pre  ordered it online  i enjoyed it so much  it is not out until february  march      but it will be well worth the wait  but first go and see it in the cinema if you can . there is nothing quite like the cinema  experience of a cinema  made movie  insist that your local cinema puts it on  i went to see  seachd  the inaccessible pinacle  tonight  down here in london  and was really impressed . it is a marvel a truly beautiful film set in the scottish highlands you will laugh  you will cry  you will be moved in may different ways  you will be intrigued  and as the story within the stories is revealed  you will be amazed at that revelation .  br    br   this movie is in scottish gaelic with english subtitles  but do not let that detract you if you are not a speaker of the gaelic i am just starting  and my son does not  nor did many people there tonight  and it did not spoil it for us by any manner of means  superlatives do not suffice  the photography is superb  there is no cgi here  and the movie is all the better for that  here you have true photography  the script is so skilfully and subtly written . the many  layered plot weaves the magic art of the ancient storytellers . the music is at times rousing  at times haunting  but always adding to the atmospheric ambiance . and the acting  . . . it is to behold . . . and the actors  . . . they the true weavers of this delightful yet profound film  particularly the two main actors   padruig  the  young  and  padruig  the  elder   a true bard  if ever there was    who both carried a very heavy load  and the direction  well watch out richard  and the producer  responsible for raising funding  hiring key personnel  and arranging for distributors  a task well done  i hope that you will make sure that distribution goes out to our communities abroad  and the gaelic community  uill  without you it could not have happened  we were told that this movie was made on a low budget  but you would not know it  and i think it might well be because  for what they might have lacked in money  they more than made up for with the richness of the heart  and the warmth and co  operation of the local scottish gaelic community .  br    br   a heartfelt thanks to all concerned in the making  and the sponsoring  of  seachd   mran taing   many thanks   from the gaels to the world  from the world to the gaels   
