my roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to watch it with her . she  s from china and only heard so much about     and wanted to know the cold hard truth and she wanted me to tell her more after the documentary . i felt awful watching this documentary  it was like reliving the nightmare and it still brings tears to my eyes .  br    br   but i  m extremely grateful that i watched this documentary  because on the day of september   th  i  m sure we all remember where we were and what we were doing when we heard  all of us could only think certain questions  why     how     what  s going on     oh  my god   . almost all the americans were grateful for the brave firemen and policemen that risked their lives to save others . but i don  t think we thought about what they were really going though . this wasn  t actually supposed to be a documentary about      the cameraman was just filming a typical day on the job and they just happened to be a couple blocks away from the world trade centers and got everything  outside and in  on tape .  br    br   on sep .   th  i thought to myself  it  s ok  the policemen and firemen will get the people out that survived  . to be honest  i thought it was an accident  i was in my junior year of high school and getting changed from gym and getting ready to go to my science class . someone came into the locker room shouting  some building just got bombed in new york    we all got dressed quickly and ran to our classrooms as we watched the first tower burning on tv . not only   seconds later live on tv does the second plane crash into the other world trade center and we knew this was no accident . a few minutes later  we heard about the pentagon and that there was a plane headed for chicago but was shot down . so many thoughts ran through our heads and i kept on thinking  what are the firemen and policemen going to do   . but it  s procedure to them i thought  they  ll know what to do .  br    br   the first tower collapsed  we knew it  so many lives are now gone  the second tower crashed  things would never be the same . those firemen in this documentary showed courage  confusion  and strength  the real raw human emotions . they didn  t know what to do  they were just as scarred as those other people who were in the towers . they heard the bodies collapsing on the ground from people jumping out the windows . and here i was in a classroom just crying seeing all that was going on on tv . i was amazed with this film and just wanted to go to new york and tell them how grateful all the americans were for their help . i know they feel like they were just doing their job  but they did more  they were hero  s . every day after sep .   th for  weeks they kept on digging knowing that there were no survivors  but they kept on hoping and praying . may god bless their kind and brave hearts .  br    br   as for my roommate she was crying and admitted this was her first time crying at these attacks . she got to see the truth of what had happened that tragic day . she asked  why   . i didn  t know what to say  it breaks my heart that people can be that evil .  it sounds clique   but it was a normal day for everyone  one of the firemen said in the documentary . no one expected this to happen . not like that  those people in the world trade centers or the pentagon or the planes that were hijacked  they were just doing their job  happen to be there  or even just was there for a second passing by . they were not just murdered  they were slaughtered  and those hijackers did it with a song in their heart . then seeing in the middle east all the people celebrating  why do people do this  they celebrated death and the lose of mothers  fathers  sisters  brothers  friends  grandparents  aunts  uncles  cousins  etc . why   br    br   so  thanks to those people for making this documentary . you truly think about the firemen  policemen  and the troops in iraq and it keeps your hope up that there are good people in this world . thank you to all those people  you are our heroes .  br    br         
