there can be no denying that hak se wui  election in english  is a well made and well thought out film . the film uses numerous clever pieces of identification all the time playing with modernity yet sticking to tradition  a theme played with throughout the film where john woo  s hong kong films are action packed and over the top in their explosive content as seen in hard boiled       and when hong kong films do settle down into rhythms of telling the story from the  bad  point of view  they can sometimes stutter and just become merely unmemorable  a good example being city on fire       .  br    br   election is a film that is memorable for the sheer fact of its unpredictable scenes  spontaneous action and violence that are done in a realistic and tasteful  if that  s the right word  manner as well as the clever little  in pieces  of film  making . it  s difficult to spot during the viewing but election is really constructed in a kind of three act structure there is the first point of concern involving the actual election and whoever is voted in is voted in  not everyone likes the decision but what the uncles say  goes . the second act is the retrieving of the ancient baton from china that tradition demands must be present during the inauguration with the final third the aftermath of the inauguration and certain characters coming up with their own ideas on how the triads should and could be run . needless to say certain events and twists occur during each of the three thirds  some are small and immaterial whereas some are much larger and spectacular .  br    br   election does have some faults with the majority coming in the opening third . trying to kill off time surrounding an election that only takes a few minutes to complete was clearly a hard task for the writers and filmmakers and that shows at numerous points . i got the feeling that a certain scene was just starting to go somewhere before it was interrupted by the police and then everyone gets arrested . this happens a few times a fight breaks out in a restaurant but the police are there and everyone is arrested there  s a secret meeting about the baton between the triads but the police show up and everyone gets arrested some other triads are having a pre  election talk but the police show up and guess what  you know .  br    br   once the film gets out of that rut that i thought it would  it uses a sacred baton as a plot device to get everybody moving . the baton spawns some good fight scenes such as the chasing of a truck after it  s been hotwired  another chase involving a motorbike and a kung  fu fight with a load of melee weapons in a street  the scenes are unpredictable  realistic and violent but like i said  they are in a  tasteful  manner . where election really soars is its attention to that fine detail . when the triads are in jail  the bars are covered with wire suggesting they  re all animals in cages as that  s how they behave on the outside when in conflict . another fine piece of attention to detail is the way the uncles toast using tea and not alcohol  elevating themselves above other head gangsters who  d use champagne  the long good friday  and also referencing chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or commemorate .  br    br   election is a good film that is structured well enough to enjoy and a film that has fantastic mise  en  scene as you look at what  s going on . some of the indoor settings and the clothing as well as the buckets of style that is poured on as the search and chase for the baton intensifies . the inauguration is like another short film entirely and very well integrated into the film hinting at chinese tradition in the process . i feel the best scene is the ending scene as it sums it up perfectly two shifty characters fishing and debating the ruling of the triads all the while remaining realistic  unpredictable and violent in a tasteful manner  of course .  
