when i think of the cheesiest guilty pleasure  type movies  the first thing i think of are    s slasher flicks . really bad slasher flicks . the formulaic type of film  where all a script needed was  parts blood and several parts nudity to get made .  br    br   flash forward to the late    s  early    s . the slasher flick has been revitalized with the success of      s  scream  . like in the    s  these films were formulaic  masking a lack of inspiration by labelling themselves as  hip  tongue  in  cheek parodies  of the original slasher flicks . of this recent blend of  hip parody  neo  slasher flicks  the only one worth seeing is the low  budget  direct  to  video  cut  .  br    br   like most of the other  new  slasher flicks   cut  relies on the production of a slasher flick  in this case a fictional     film  hot blooded   to make its commentary on the genre .  hot blooded  never finished production  because of killings by someone wearing the mask of the film  s killer  scarman  a bald figure with its mouth stitched close and dark  pupil  less eyes . now    years later  a group of film students  whose professor was involved in the production  have decided to go into the vaults  tap the original surviving actress  and finish the film . but every time the film is screened or a scene is shot   scarman  returns and someone dies . to quote the tagline  will they finish the film before it finishes them   br    br   this all sounds really bad  and to a degree it is  really  is there such a thing as a good slasher flick   . there is no character development  the  new  director is revealed to be the daughter of  hot blooded   s original director  whose life was apparently ruined after the production was cancelled this would  ve been a perfect detail to be worked into the plot  yet it  s never mentioned again  and  like in all other slasher flicks  there are just too many bodies to care about . the actors aren  t great  even by direct  to  video standards  but most are having fun with their characters  and for those who aren  t  it  s inadvertent character acting  since none of their characters in the film wanted to work on  hot blooded    particularly whoever was lucky enough to play scarman .  cut   s climax has no big  who dunnit  unmasking of the killer like in the  scream  films . it doesn  t have the gimmick killings of the  urban legend  films . what it does have is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by a  this way we can write a sequel if it sells well  ending . but that  s par for the course .  br    br   by any sensible viewing standards  this is a horrible movie that should be avoided  but this  quality  is what makes it true to its roots in the slasher genre  and this is what makes it more enjoyable than any of the other neo  slasher flicks .  
