i figured that it  s about time i let this one out . pokmon fans are suffering in america these days . why  because we rely on kids wb and  kids entertainment to provide us with our beloved series and movies . as far as the series goes  they do a pretty good job in bringing the fun and magic of the japanese versions to television . so what is their problem when it comes to the movies  honestly now  i have seen all three pokmon movies in japanese and i will definitely be seeing the fourth one . they are excellent movies . they are all enjoyable and fun to watch . and  after seeing pokmon     in theaters  i can  t help but wonder how these american producers read the japanese scripts . the way it appears  it seems that they read and see something that says insert empty moral here  in big bold faced letters . it definitely appears that way as they used the same wonderful dubbing methods they used on msb  extreme sarcasm there  and created this crap .  br    br   possible spoilers from here on  br    br   well  i guess i should first talk about pikachu  s rescue adventure . my first gripe with this came with no narration . i guess they got enough bad comments on the pokdex narration that plagued pikachu  s vacation  and  instead of going with a caring  gentle woman  s voice as appeared in pikachu no natsu yasumi and pikachu tankentai  they just cut the narration all together . this wouldn  t have been a problem  except for one thing . did anyone really understand why the exeggcute didn  t let togepi go until the end  possibly the fans  but i  m sure not the parents . then  there  s the theme song . i couldn  t help but roll my eyes at this one . the japanese theme song was tankentai wo tsukurou  and was sung by japanese children . it was fun and enjoyable . this one nauseating . now  one of my favorite parts of the short was the dancing kireihana . nice music  fun to watch . that  s changed with the bellossom . the music sucked for one  but on top of that  they had all the pokmon talk during the music  which turned out to be jumpy  annoying  and just unnecessary . oh  and then there  s the poliwhirl who thinks he  s a poliwrath . you  d think that guys that work with these characters constantly would at least learn what they are . basically  not much could save this little ill fated dub  which is very unfortunate considering its potential . but  i haven  t touched on the worst of it yet .  br    br   you  d think that the warning signs would  ve been apparent to me when i received my issue of nintendo power . for some unfathomable reason  i had been placing some faith in  kids and the wb . my thoughts were well  they screwed up on the first movie  but the second is different as far as the theme goes  so they should do well .  that in mind  i just didn  t pay attention to the warning signs i encountered in the theaters when the trailers said  you will believe that one person can make all the difference .  with the way they said that at every turn  i was hoping that this would not turn into a moral fest like msb did at the end of the english version . then comes nintendo power  in which i see all my fears realized in the words the main feature  the power of one .  at that point  i became a bit more uneasy . the power of one    not a good sign . however  i still kept some of my false faith . big mistake .  br    br   sitting in the theater  i was literally getting stomach cramps watching another movie which i loved in japanese being turned into complete and utter junk . i hear comments that say it was better because the moral was more subtle . i can see a point in that since they didn  t pander this thing  repeating it over and over like in msb . however  it did more damage than anything else in this movie . first of all  the legend that was read throughout was changed a bit to read the world turns to ash .  ah hah . so  ash is the chosen one  whatever . in the japanese version  the inhabitants of arshia needed a pokmon trainer to carry out their traditional ceremony . this time  he  s the chosen one . a greater way that this did damage was to lugia . lugia was one of the coolest characters in a pokmon movie . . . . when the movie was about lugia . in this one  lugia is forced to take a back seat to ash . in the scene where they  re flying back to the main island  lugia and ash are discussing the conditions of lugia  s existence  not that ash is going to make all the difference . overall in this category  ash wasn  t really the one person  that would make the difference  since he was helped by many along the way .  br    br   a lot of the other stuff is kind of nit picking . furura  s flute song wasn  t nearly as sweet and enjoyable as the japanese one . jirarudan  s speech to them saying his collection started with a mew card   ugh . even worse  misty  s outrage originally concerned the way moltres and zapdos were being held . why didn  t you put them in pokballs when you caught them  this is like caging them to be displayed .  much different from whining about him thinking pokmon are things to be collected like stamps . if there were any real redeeming values in this  they came from team rocket . some pretty funny lines . not really to make me laugh out loud  but more to make me giggle and slightly ease the pains in my stomach . well  that was officially the last american pokmon movie i  m going to see . i  ve imported the third one and find it very enjoyable . i would rather not see another japanese movie be ruined in the same fashion as the first two . i  ll be importing the fourth one as well . forget you  kids wb and  kids . you have forsaken me for the last time .  
