steven seagal  mr . personality himself  this time is the united states  greatest stealth pilot who is promised a pardon from the military  . . who attempted to swipe his memory at the beginning of the movie for which he escaped base  later caught after interrupting a gang of robbers in a shootout at a gas station  if he is able to successfully infiltrate a northern afghanistan terrorist base operated by a group called black sunday  who have commandeered an air force stealth fighter thanks to an american traitor . along with a fellow pilot who admired the traitor  jannick  mark bazeley   john sands  seagal  will fly into enemy territory  receiving help from his arab lover  jessica  ciera payton  and a freedom fighter  rojar  alki david  once they are on ground . jannick is kidnapped by black sunday leaders  stone  vincenzo nicoli  and his female enforcer  eliana  katie jones   and sands must figure out how to not only re  take command of the kidnapped stealth fighter  but rescue him as well . and  maybe  sands can get revenge on the traitor he trained  rather  steve toussaint  in the process . sands has   hours until a general  s navy pilots bomb the entire area . on board the stealth  black sunday equipped a biochemical bomb  hoping to detonate it on the united states .  br    br   seagal gets a chance to shoot afghans when he isn  t slicing their throats with knives . the film is mostly machine guns firing and bodies dropping dead . the setting of afghanistan doesn  t hold up to scrutiny  . . nor does how easily seagal and co . are able to move about the area undetected so easily  and the plot itself is nothing to write home about . the movie is edited fast  the camera a bit too jerky . seagal isn  t as active a hero as he once was and his action scenes are tightly edited where we have a hard time seeing him taking out his foes  unlike the good old days . one of seagal  s poorest efforts  and he  s as understated as ever  . . not a compliment  . even more disappointing is the fact that seagal never fights in hand to hand combat with the film  s chief villains  tis a shame . he doesn  t even snap a wrist or crack a neck in any visible way  . . sure we see a slight resemblance of some tool getting tossed around  but it  s not as clear a picture as i enjoy because the filmmakers have such fast edits and dizzying close  ups  .  
