soldier blue is a movie with pretensions pretensions to be some sort of profound statement on man  s inhumanity to man  on the white man  s exploitation of and brutality towards indigenous peoples a biting  unflinching and sardonic commentary on the horrors of vietnam . well  sorry  but it fails miserably to be any of those things . what soldier blue actually is is pernicious  trite  badly made  dishonest rubbish .  br    br   another reviewer here hit the nail on the head in saying that it appears to be a hybrid of two entirely different movies . what it is basically is a lame  clichd  poorly acted  odd couple  romance  strauss and bergen overcoming their prejudices about the other  s lifestyle and falling in love  ah  bless   bookended by two sickening massacres which wouldn  t have been out of place in a lucio fulci splatter flick .  br    br   there is no excuse for the repulsive  prurient  gore  drenched climax  in which cute little native american children are variously shot  sliced  dismembered and impaled in loving and graphic close  up  and large  breasted native american women are molested  raped and strung up  no excuse  that is  except box office .  the massacre itself  whilst repulsive in its misplaced intention  is very badly staged and shot a bunch of actors lying around with bright red paint smeared on them  intercut with a few special  effects sequences of beheading  dismemberment  dismemberments  incidentally  which utilised real amputees in their filming . now that  s what i call exploitation .   br    br   forget all the pap you  ve heard  including the ludicrous commentaries that begin and end the movie  about this being a  protest   an indictment of american brutality towards the native peoples . this film doesn  t give a stuff about the plight of the cheyenne had it done so it would have featured some involving native american characters  would have led us to get to know and to care about the nameless  faceless innocents who get slaughtered at the climax . instead what we get is the silly white bread romance of bergen and strauss  lousy actors both  in this at least   with plenty of blood  guts and severed heads thrown in to attract the curious .  br    br   which is a terrible shame  because there is a movie to be made about the sand creek massacre  about all of the real life massacres the us  and britain  and all so  called  civilised  nations  have participated in over the centuries  iraq   . this just isn  t that movie .  
