now i  ll be the first to admit it when i say something that may be blasphemous or unfair  so i would like to apologize in advance for my ranting about how much i disliked this movie .  br    br   that about sums it up too . i disliked this movie . to be more specific  i disliked the concept of this movie . the cinematography was good . the mood was nice . and the acting was satisfactory .  br    br   however  the story is fatuous  unacurate and misleading . it is also offensive .  br    br   i am a quarter cree indian  and for some reason i feel insulted  on a personal level  by the nature of whitaker  s character . first of all  he  s a black guy . and this isn  t a racist remark  i swear . the thought of a white  hispanic or even native american swinging a katana on a rooftop offends everything that the katana represents . the katana represents the soul of a samurai  imbibed with the souls of his ancestors who guide and protect the samurai . for ghost dog to use his guns instead of the katana is also an insult to the blade and the souls inside  and where the heck did he get a katana anyway  it must be one of those replicas  which insults the samurai caste even more .  br    br   also  ghost dog showed no honor . near the end of the movie  he shoots a bodyguard in the back through a window and then assassinates a man by shooting him in the face through a faucet drain . not only is this a cowards way to kill an enemy  it  s more like a ninjas way silent assassins a group that samurais deny exists  but hates none  the  less .  br    br   then he tries to kill his boss  when he finds out his boss is a baddie . you know what a true samurai does when he learns his master is proven bad or dishonorable  he kills himself  to prove that he would rather die then lower himself to the level of his doggish master .  br    br   everything about the character was a giant contradiction to the real code that all samurai adhere to bushido .  br    br   so  we have great cinematography  good ambiance and so  so acting encompassing a satiricle plot and premise   which unfortunately is the most important aspect of it   making it an unsatisfactory overall film  and an insult to everything a honorable bushi  samurai  holds dear .  br    br    .     bleah  
