spoilers  br    br   wow  end of the world is a singularly underwhelming cinematic experience .  br    br   here is the full story a scientist is getting messages from space  a la independence day  . the messages say stuff like a massive disaster is about to happen and then the scientist hears later on the radio that a huge earthquake just happened in china . he starts thinking that the messages have something to do with the disasters around the world so he  s trying to figure out who  s receiving the messages  and who  s also sending out messages in space  . he and his wife eventually figure out that the messages come from a convent . they visit it . everything looks normal  including the priest played by a bored christopher lee . but the scientist is adamant and really believes that the messages are coming from and going to that convent . so he and his wife secretly go back to the convent where they are caught snooping around by the aliens  disguised as priests and nuns . they are held against their will and the alien played by lee forces the scientist to get something they need in order for them to return to their planet . once the alien get the special element  the aliens all depart one by one to their home planet in some sort of tacky looking transporter platform . lee  being the last alien left  tells the couple that the earth will be destroyed because of some sort of hokey decision by the aliens . lee walks in the transporter and he  s gone . the couple  looking at the monitors that show stock footage of natural disasters occurring all over the world  decide to follow the aliens . because earth is doomed  the couple doesn  t see any point of staying behind so they walk in the transporter and disappear . the last shot of the movie is a papier mache planet earth exploding . the end .  br    br   that  s it .  br    br   i  ve never seen such a dull movie in my life . it  s the most underwhelming movie i  ve ever experienced . the scientist and his wife are two of worst heroes or protagonists ever put on screen . they don  t care about anything . they see the earth disasters on the monitors and decide  what the heck  who needs earth anyway   they don  t even try to stop them or do something to make things better . this kind of story might have worked if the film had an overwhelming sense of doom to everything but the action and atmosphere are nonexistent . the actors and the folks behind this dull flick are going through their paces  so much so that you can almost feel when they punched their cards when they got off and returned to work . i wasn  t expecting much with this movie because it is a charles band production  but i didn  t expect it to be this bad .  br    br   christopher lee was once asked what was his worst film he ever made and he mentioned starship invasions . well  i  m sorry chris but starship invasions was actually goofy fun . starship invasions is terrible but terribly entertaining . end of the world is much  much  much worst it  s beyond dull and inert  with no entertainment value whatsoever .  
