i don  t remember the last time i reacted to a performance as emotionally as i did to justin timberlake  s in  edison .  i got so emotional i wanted to scream in anguish  destroy the screen  readily accept the hopeless cries of nihilism . timberlake is horribly miscast in fact  casting him is like casting andy dick to play the lead role in  patton   or nathan lane to play jesus . but that is almost beside the point .  br    br   timberlake is simply a bad actor and he would be equally terrible in any role . i used to have problems with ben affleck  s acting talent  but timberlake makes affleck look like sir ian mckellen or dame judi dench . with his metrosexual lisp  read lithp   his boyish glances and emotional expressions which derive from something like  the   clich expressions for actors   he poisons the screen upon which he is inflicted mercilessly  and no matter how you slice it  i do not and will not buy his role as an amateur  turned  crusader  for  justice journalist . it simply will not fly .  br    br   however  timberlake alone isn  t to blame for his failure . director david j . burke puts him not only in the  essentially  primary role  but also places him aside morgan freeman  kevin spacey  john heard  dylan mcdermott  cary elwes and  i  m surprised he was as good  ll cool j . i can imagine one almost physically suffering watching some of this cast interact with timberlake .  br    br   there is an upside to this of course the moment any of these actors interact without justin there it feels like a double relief . a pleasure  if you will . freeman and spacey may not have more than   minutes of screen time alone together  but that ten minutes is blissful in contrast to their scenes with our so  called hero . dylan mcdermott is also a breath of fresh air .  br    br   but enough of timberlake bashing  words aren  t enough in this particular case to do the trick .  edison  is a very  very run  of  the  mill corruption story . it  s plot ranges from clich to simply preposterous . i do  however  admire the motivation behind making it  which i interpret as an homage to films like  serpico   or  donnie brasco   or maybe even  chinatown .  don  t get me wrong   edison  is not even in the same ballpark as these films  but i can stretch my suspension of disbelief to admire its reason for existence  perhaps to justify my sitting through it .  br    br   the script  in and of itself  features some surprisingly bad writing . yes  it has some decent interchanges  but any conversation between piper perabo  who is wasted here  and timberlake seems like it was lifted straight out of a dawson  s creek episode . it  s your typical far  too  glib  for  reality  let  s  impress  the  audience  with  how  well  we  articulate  and fail  dialogue . this dialogue  mind you  is punctuated by great music at the wrong moments  sometimes it feels like  edison  wants to morph into a music video  where the emotion of the scene is not communicated through acting  but precisely through the badly chosen music and variant film speeds  read slow  motion  .  br    br   thinking about it   edison  is a curiosity . it  s sure as hell got a cast to kill for but the performances are marred by timberlake who simply doesn  t work . in film as in most art  if one thing is off  the whole thing feels off . directors must make tough choices . david j . burke missed the mark here . some of the scenes play well in and of themselves  but as a whole  they don  t seem to fit like puzzle pieces from different puzzles forced into one incoherent picture . and it  s not particularly an exciting puzzle to begin with .  
