this show is a perfect example of how the cbc should stick to either news  sports  or satirical sketch comedy . as a developer of situation comedy  cbc has shown it can combine the pizazz of  king of kensington  with the belly laughs of  the beachcombers  . it is an embarrassment to great shows like  kids in the hall  and  second city  that they have to share their comedic roots with this lame production .  br    br   i have to admit  that i didn  t give this show much of a chance right from when i first heard of its concept . to start  half of the concept is a direct attempt to rip  off one of the few sitcom successes in english  canadian history   corner gas  . the rest of the concept   the cultural clash   is far from being original and is too often used as a crutch for screen writing laziness . the selection of the muslim religion as the basis for the  fish out of water  characters seems to be a desperate attempt to be  edgy  and  topical   but comes off as forced . some of the jokes that are based around the local  s reaction to the newcomers are cringe inducing and thoroughly insulting to the intelligence of everyone involved  especially the audience .  br    br   this show is a perfect example of how cbc just doesn  t  get it  when it comes to creating canadian content  especially when presenting canada as a multicultural environment . cultural diversity in canada does not have to be presented in such a heavy  handed and forced way . it would be a refreshing change to see cbc introduce diversity into a television show without making the show all about said diversity . i doubt that cbc has sufficient sitcom talent to pull off something so subtle . a comparison could be made to the way diversity is depicted in corner gas   i . e . the aboriginal characters are not set apart by their ethnicity nor is their heritage used to generate story lines . more realistically  their lives and the other characters lives intertwine in a way that makes ethnicity no more significant than any of their other personal characteristics .  br    br   that being said  even as a formulaic fish  out  of  water comedy this show fails . the acting is weak  the comic pacing all over the map  and the story premises that i saw were too far beyond the suspension of belief  even for a comedy . the only saving grace is the talented derek mcgrath  who is horribly wasted here . i doubt that even the addition of guest stars  colin mochrie  for example  as an anglican archbishop  can save this dog . i decided to give the show a chance once the cbc  s  hype  had died down but two episodes were all i could stand   i could almost feel my braincells shutting themselves down with each failed punchline . the time  slot would be better served by airing more coronation street  air farce re  runs  or dr . who . even an infomercial would be an improvement .  
