i don  t think anyone sitting down to view this film would be expecting anything remotely appearing like a classic ghost story but you have to ask yourself when it  s over if you were ever scared . this doesn  t really work on that level but the cast does try hard and the film doesn  t tack on one of those happy endings . story is about an american couple who travel to kyoto  japan so that ted fletcher  edward albert  can write a book and he brings along his wife laura  susan george  and their daughter amy  amy barrett  . their friend alex curtis  doug mcclure  who works at the american consulate helps them find a house to live in and he finds one that is haunted . about    years earlier in the same house a samurai found his wife cheating on him and he kills both of them and then commits suicide . their ghosts still inhabit the house and when the fletcher  s arrive it doesn  t take long before strange things start happening .  br    br   spoiler alert  br    br   at times the ghosts inhabit the bodies of the fletcher  s and they start to act like the japanese people that they were before and laura starts to flirt with alex which leads to an affair . meanwhile  ted starts behaving more strict and after he pours soup down the throat of amy he goes to ask a monk for help . unfortunately the ghosts get ted  laura  and alex to play out their death scene like it happened    years earlier .  br    br   this film was directed by kevin connor who is known as a good television director but he has made horror and science fiction films before and has worked with mcclure on some of them . while this never comes close to being scary or developing atmosphere it does have two things in it that i liked . first  it doesn  t have one of those sappy endings where the couple embrace after defeating the demons . instead  it ends in a very bloody fight where everyone succumbs to the evil of the ghosts . secondly  it has susan george in the cast  i  ve always been a fan of hers even though she has appeared in mostly schlock but her performances are always top notch . also she usually appears nude which she does here in two separate scenes and while she doesn  t have classic features she does have a unique tomboy like look about her and it  s one of the reasons why she was so popular . but after appearing in silly films such as this i think it led to her getting out of the business or working only sporadically . this isn  t a bad film but it  s never convincing and watching the ghosts scurry around when the monk gives an exorcism is practically worthy of a giggle or two . the bottom line is that this is silly and i hope george decides to resume her career .  
