quite what the producers of this appalling adaptation were trying to do is impossible to fathom .  br    br   a group of top quality actors  in the main well cast  with a couple of notable exceptions   who give pretty good performances . penelope keith is perfect as aunt louise and equally good is joanna lumley as diana . all do well with the scripts they were given .  br    br   so much for the good . the average would include the sets . nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book  although bizarrely the house they use for the dower house looks remarkably like it . it is clear then that the dower house is far too big . in the later parts  the writers decided to bring the entire story back to the uk  presumably to save money  although with a little imagination i have no doubt they could have recreated ceylon .  br    br   now to the bad . the screenplay . this is such an appallingly bad adaptation is hard to find words to condemn it . edward does not die in the battle of britain but survives  blinded . he makes a brief appearance then commits suicide  why   loveday has changed from the young woman totally in love with gus to a sensible farmer  s wife who can give up the love her life with barely a tear  less emotional than brief encounter  . gus  a man besotted and passionately in love  is prepared to give up his love without complaint . walter  mudge in the book  turns from a shallow unfaithful husband to a devoted family man . jess is made into a psychologically disturbed young woman who won  t speak . aunt biddy still has a drink problem but now without any justification . the dower house is occupied by the army for no obvious reason other than a very short scene with jess who has a fear of armed soldiers . whilst miss mortimer  s breasts are utterly delightful  i could not see how their display on several occasions moved the plot forward . the delightfully named nettlebed becomes the mundane dobson . the word limit prevents me from continuing the list .  br    br   there is a sequel  which i lost all interest in watching after this nonsense  and i wonder if the changes were made to create the follow on story . it is difficult to image that rosamunde pilcher would have approved this grotesque perversion of her book presumably she lost her control when the rights were purchased .  
