i saw  paris je t  aime  because a friend really wanted to see it so i went along with him . going in  i was indifferent about the film but leaving the theater i really regretted wasting  hours of my life sitting through this tepid production . the  stories  are almost completely forgettable except for the fact that most of them were awful . what do gena rowlands and ben gazzara have to do with paris  the endless parade of american actors most definitely gave this french film a remarkably non  french feel . the clichs about paris were endless . yes  most of them were playing with clichs about paris but by spending so much time making fun of french clichs  they directly and regrettably promoted them once more . yes  paris is the city of love . we get it .  br    br   the worst segments were the one directed by wes craven  oscar wilde   the one with nick nolte the mime one  the worst    the hair products one the one with juliette binoche  willem dafoe as a cowboy in the middle of paris    the vampire one  when i think of paris i think of elijah wood  . the one with natalie portman  which really looked like a mentos commercial and it was stupid  the blind young man should know portman was just playing a part when she called him  . on and on it went . it felt endless .  br    br   i didn  t like the coen bros one as well . it really plays with those parisien clichs but i didn  t find it funny . just annoying . the gus van sant one was interesting but it was so slight  and the punchline was obvious  that it barely registered .  br    br   there were only two  successful  segments and they were the one about the immigrant nanny who leaves her baby at a kindergarten only to babysit a baby for a rich woman . nice irony there . and the segment about the african who is stabbed . it  s the best segment in the whole film but this segment has nothing to do with paris . the story could have taken place in any city around the world .  br    br   the last segment  the one with the chubby middle aged woman was sorta interesting too but the underlying tone was bad . they wanted to celebrate her limited grasp of french but the segment came off as being condescending .  br    br   the whole project felt forced and uninspired . almost like the french government sponsored this film to promote tourism . all in all  with only about   to   minutes of interesting stuff   paris je t  aime  was an awful cinematic experience .  
