a very weak movie  mainly because of a poor story  but also poor acting in the case of robert downey jr .  and irrational behaviour by many of the characters . if you are someone who likes to switch your mind off and simply watch a movie for it  s creativity or acting criteria  then you may like this movie . personally i can  t do that with a drama and found this too far  fetched .  br    br   i  m particularly annoyed when a main character  that is supposed to be an intelligent person  continually acts like a complete imbecile . in this movie  if the main character acted the way a person would normally act in these situations  there would be no movie .  br    br   the first highly unlikely act is when the main character  a successful attorney named magruder  played by kenneth branagh  is leaving a party and happens upon a girl  mallory doss played by embeth davidtz  who is screaming that her car has been stolen . they are standing around in a tropical rainstorm as he badgers her into accepting a ride home .  br    br   she tells him about her weird father who belongs to some kind of weird sect and does crazy things . when they arrive at her dilapidated shack in the poorer part of town  they notice that her car is in the driveway . also the house lights are on and some objects in the house have been broken .  br    br   things are very odd  she  s weird  looking like a tramp  she undresses in front of him until she  s completely naked  oh yeah   . also  the father  s strange  the house is a wreck   everything should have told magruder   hey this is too weird for me  i  m out of here   but not magruder  he sleeps with her and then  motivated by her story and sex  takes up the case of trying to have her father committed . it all screams set  up   br    br   then  being the top  flight attorney that he is  he arrives late at the office wearing the same shirt he had on the night before   a fact that all of the women in the office notice  . is it likely that a successful attorney would act like a    year  old  magruder has upset the police in some of his cases so when he goes to the police claiming  with ample evidence  that the father is terrorising them  the police ignore him . i could have believed begrudging assistance . but no help at all   not likely   br    br   it  s just too unlikely .  
