near the closing stages of baby mama  one of the central characters goes on to describe the basic outline of everything that came before and summarises that it  was all just a mess   i really couldn  t say it any better than that . and while the feature does have its odd ray of hope every now and again  the vast majority of what is present is too neutered to be considered relevant and too unremarkable to be worth anyone  s time . a lacklustre cast  mundane script and vague  caricature characters ensure that baby mama certainly isn  t taxing on the ol  noggin  but it never makes up for this through its proposed sense of humour . consisting mainly of very routine  clich jokes based around an odd couple  rich and poor  trying to live with each other as they prepare to bring a baby into the world  the film is far too esoteric to deliver laughs outside its very thin demographic .  br    br   as a story on finding love  it  s not that bad  but playing this plot line as a side  story of sorts to work alongside the comedy  orientated odd couple tangent  characterisation is notably weak  resulting in a lukewarm romance that never bubbles . as characters themselves  both central figures are mildly amusing when put together in small spaces  but when left alone quickly unravel and bare their emptiness so while we may eventually come to find the character  s interactions with each other amusing at times  the comedy never branches beyond distant chuckles we don  t feel for the characters and don  t find them inherently interesting  but rather their dynamic . unfortunately however  although this dynamic works best  or at least better than the individual personas  as mentioned above  it rarely stems outside of the typical confines of the odd  couple formula .  br    br   kate  tina fey  is a successful business woman who has hired working class  dumb  blonde angie  amy poehler  to be her unlikely surrogate  and after angie decides to leave hopeless husband carl  dax shepard   both eventually have to learn to live together despite their obvious differences . yes  it  s the typical odd  couple premise  and one that we have already seen in this year  s what happens in vegas  yet what baby mama lacks that the aforementioned movie had is both chemistry between performers and semi  layered characters . kate and angie both fail to ever show much of a personality outside of their two dimensional outline and as such both performers are neglected to play out roles that demand chemistry to produce out of thin air . in fact  the movie  s only real engaging performance and character comes from the underused talents of romany malco who gets lumbered with playing a door  man . of the few times that i laughed during baby mama  most of those moments were because of this man  and the remainder usually fell to shepard .  br    br   it  s a rare thing of course to find a movie which embodies its script  s themes in the way which its world is shot and presented to us through the camera  and yet director michael mccullers goes from page to screen effectively enough . yet  for a film about babies  multi  million dollar business and cultural stereotyping  this isn  t necessarily a good thing . baby mama is grade  a  hammy  plastic tinsel  town with capital bore topped with sugar . so not only did i feel emotionally distant to the characters because of their two  dimensional nature  but i simply didn  t care for the world they inhabited . the dialogue  along with sets  costumes  and the script  s general themes are painted in pastel blues and pinks so much that all shades of humanity are lost in the director  s incessant need to make his movie feel like a neutered fantasy these aren  t characters and that isn  t our world in any way so why should i care  at the end of the day however  a romantic comedy  s ultimate gauge of success or failure comes down purely to its chemistry between its love interests  and the frequency of its laughs baby mama has little going on in any of these departments . of course to say that the film is without any value at all would be unfair . i  m sure female audiences in a similar boat as lead character kate may get a slight kick out of the proceedings  but anyone else will probably just feel numb and probably bored . in this respect baby mama avoids being unbearable  but never convinces in being anything remarkable or worthy of a look to anyone outside of its immediate audience a comedic dud and a romantic mismatch  baby mama is too light  headed to be interesting and too shallow to be entertaining .  br    br    a review by jamie robert ward  http   www . invocus . net   
