this  film  is the culmination of everything that is bad about modern film . unnecessary slow motion  unnecessary flipping  jumping  somersaults  unnecessary characters  unnecessary dialogue . . . . basically unnecessity .  is that a word  well  it  s just been invented by i  robot .   br    br   what happened to practicality   i . e . the car garage  the skin spray  the only tool that shows a combination of futuristic and realistic function is the card swipe at the coffee shop .  br    br   what happened to showing respect for women   i . e . smith  s character does nothing but degrade the doctor for the better part of the film  and yet she still  wants  him . where is the tension  i  ll tell you where  good looks and not admiration or common ground   br    br   what happened to a detective that detects  smith did nothing but sit around and feel sorry for himself  complaining to other people  and when they said something that sparked a thought he was off . this is such a lame way to get the story from point b  c  d  etc . . . it was ok once  but not several times in a row .  speaking of several times in a row  what was the  i  m snoring and not listening to you joke  twice in one scene    br    br   what happened to the small parts in a movie being somewhat meaningful and not just a tool to promote rescue scenes  shia labeouf  the kid  is in the movie for a total of two scenes  we know that a  he degrades women  and b  he knows smith . . . . . . . so of course we should care about him and whether or not he comes to harm   br    br   what happened to hero  s  let  s just forget that there are people  women and children everywhere getting attacked by robots and selfishly save the only person withing my view that i have an acquaintance with . and why did he have to ramp his bike through the air  showing off  while the doctor was somehow able to reach the same distance in a matter of seconds on foot .  br    br   don  t get me wrong  i  m all for spectacle . but i  m also all for a shred of realism and meaning .  br    br   i have to say i  ve never laughed quite so hard at a film in a long time . so thanks alex .  br    br   i pray for the swing of the social pendulum back to simpler techniques  simpler stories and simpler everything else in films . . . . . . but mainly simpler techniques .  br    br   big budget action films  you so have to die   
