reviewing kazaam and saying it  s a bad movie isn  t hard at all   after all  critics at the time it came out fell all over themselves excoriating this film   saying it was among the worst films of the decade  so the fact that i say it  s bad or anyone else says it  s bad is certainly no surprise . it  s like someone talking about wwii   practically no one says that was a good thing  right   the question i have and no place on imdb can answer it is  why did they make this in the first place    . after all  it  s obvious to anyone who isn  t severely brain injured that the film would be horrible . but  movies like ed  a baseball playing chimp   cool as ice  starring the ever  popular vanilla ice   troll   which doesn  t even have any trolls in it   baby geniuses  einstain  like superhero babies  and pinocchio in outer space  huh     prove that any idea  no matter how dumb  can make it to the big screen  so  the idea of the best basketball player of the time starring as a genie to an obnoxious little brat seems downright  normal    br    br   the film starts with a kid who is pretty jerky keying the lockers in the hallway of the school . like the punk from free willy  this kid is somehow  misunderstood   in other words  a total brat  and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible he is  by the end of the film he  ll have learned something and grown . just once  i want to see a punk kid like this end up in prison or or dead by the end of the film  eventually  while the neighborhood bullies are in the middle of pummeling him  the genie kazaam  shaquille o  neal  is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes . but  the kid doesn  t believe him and the genie  s magic seems a tad rusty .  br    br   eventually the brat does realize that kazaam is for real . however  unlike most kids  he withholds making his wishes so  in the meantime  kazaam is forced to follow him around everywhere   like his own personal servant . and  according to the clich  you know that by the end of the film  max and kazaam will have become lifelong buddies and a bunch of tears will be shed . oh  and max will have come to terms with his absent father and mom  s fianc  i  m gonna gag  . apparently this genie is a bit of a social worker in addition to being a granter of wishes .  br    br   as for kazaam  shaquille speaks in rhyme through much of the movie and even takes a break to rap . . . very poorly . i  m a middle  aged white guy and i think i could probably rap at least as well  he  s an amazing basketball player and i  ve heard he  s a nice guy   but a rapper . . . no way  as far as his acting goes  he wasn  t great but had such a nice personality in the film that it  s hard to hate him   even if they made him do a lot of very stupid things .  br    br   so is the movie as excruciatingly awful as you  ve probably heard  through the first two  thirds of the movie  i would have said no . shaquille seemed to try his best with an unlikable kid and a bad script . however  later in the film  the bad becomes horrid   as kazaam seems too concerned with himself to help the kid when he  s really needed . and  out of nowhere  the plot gets really  really weird   as the guy who wants to make kazaam a rap star       turns out to be an evil mobster  and  oddly  this guy seems to accept that kazaam is a genie with no hesitation   br    br   in addition  the last portion of the film consists of people trying to kill max and his dad . i know that the kid was annoying  but this is supposed to be a kids  film   what part of  trying to kill the kid  didn  t the writers not understand    then  in an ending that makes this perhaps the worst kids film ending in history  kazaam becomes god or something and it all was like a drug  induced hallucination  this ending was even dumber and weirder than the one in the black hole . . . and boy  did it make my brain hurt   uggghh   the horrible dialog was just too much to bear     br    br   overall  it  s a terrible film that is due mostly to writers who were certifiably insane . yes  folks  with a messed up message  bizarre non  kid friendly material and horrible characters  this is one wretched film . sadly  given the idea and actors  it  s hard to imagine the final product turning out much worse    br    br   by the way  if you want to see a genie in a modern world film that is good  try the british made for tv film  bernard and the genie    a charming and exceptionally well  written film from start to finish .  
