the minute you give an  art film       you have people baying for your ignorant  half  ass  ed  artistically retarded blood . i won  t try and justify how i am not an aesthetically challenged retard by listing out all the  art house cinema  i have liked or mentioning how i gave some unknown  cult classic  a      . all i ask is that someone explain to me the point  purpose and message of this film .  br    br   here is how i would summarize the film opening montage of three unrelated urban legends depicting almost absurd levels of co  incidence . this followed by  in a nutshell  to save you  hours of pain  the following  a children  s game show host dying of lung cancer tries to patch things up with his coke  addicted daughter  who he may or may not have raped when she was a child  and who is being courted by a bumbling police officer with relationship issues  while the game  show  s star contestant decides that he doesn  t want to be a failed child prodigy  a fate which has befallen another one of the game show contestants from the   s  who we see is now a jobless homosexual in love with a bartender with braces and in need of money for  corrective oral surgery   while the game show  s producer  himself dying of lung cancer  asks his male nurse to help him patch up with the son he abandoned years ago  and who has subsequently become a womanizing self help guru  even as mr . producer  s second wife suffers from guilt pangs over having cheated a dying man and oh  eventually  it rains frogs  you read correctly  . and i am sparing you the unbelievably long and pointless  literally rambling monologues each character seems to come up with on the fly for no rhyme or reason other than  possibly  to make sure the film crosses  hours and becomes classified as a  modern epic  .  br    br   you are probably thinking that i could have done a better job of summarizing the movie  and in turn of not confusing you  if i had written the damn thing a little more coherently  maybe in a few sentences instead of just one . . . well  now you know how i feel .  
