cradle of fear  br    br   this isn  t a movie where intricate delicate little narrative nuances occupy our attention . this is not a film where the special effects are supposed to leave us slack  jacked uttering that sense of whoa . what it is though is a slice of lo  fi goth horror which leaves little to the imagination  created in the eyes of the director  alex chandon  as  a throwback to sleazy    s and    s horror  .  br    br   this is a very visceral experience for  hours  where four plot lines are connected through lots of watery blood  reams of dismembered body parts and innards  tied by an intestinal thread of revenge .  br    br   the purveyor of such horrific violence is dani filth  lead  singer of the metal band cradle of filth  executing a role he was destined to play .  br    br   as other  s have said  there is nothing new about wanting to carryout occultist revenge . in this particular context a convicted sexual predator and murderer  kemper  the father of our devilish avenging  angel  compels his son to exact retribution on those who are some how connected to convicting him to purgatory within an insane asylum .  br    br   what this provides for the chandon  who should be congratulated on also penning and editing this piece  is the opportunity to let his sick mind run free . he seems to take delight in the idea of splattering blood into the orifices of those on screen  and into every nook and cranny that can be reached . we are also treated to close  ups of skull  s being crushed  demonic rape  and other assorted imagery to engage those who relish getting up close and personal to their horror . and for some of those who closely follow these type of films  there is the odd sequence which may have you thinking   did i just see what i thought i did   because of course pretty woman this  aint . it reminds me of some of the gore  fests created out of italian horror some   to   years ago  and a number of other works where disgusting images have left their mark but not the context in which they were viewed .  br    br   story  of the set is particularly intriguing where the idea of ones obsession can ultimately lead to death in the pursuit of internet violence through the  sick room   where the user is in control of how a life can be snuffed out . further acknowledgements should also go out to a pounding soundtrack that allows filth to exercise his daytime talent  and an effective use of drum and bass  often overlooked in film  making as a viable form of supporting visuals . using the city of london as a backdrop with real people as opposed to movie stand  ins also adds support to the commando feel of the film . ok  classic it may not be  but blood  guts  intestines  occult and demons in a slightly perverse unproblematic way it is .  
