back in      do i remember that year clinton bans cloning research  the unfortunate death of princess diana  the marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets . this was also the big year in the release of titanic  one of the biggest films of all time a tale about the ship of dreams  about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster . i don  t think anybody could have expected titanic to be as huge as it was  the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans     of them being teenage girls  i was   years old at the time  and of course saw the movie multiple times . it was the film that made me believe that the love that jack and rose shared was so real and beautiful . at the time i felt that titanic could do no wrong  of course i grew up and didn  t watch the film since i was    a couple years ago i saw the film on dvd for  .   and figured that it was a good price and to see what i thought about the movie now . was it worth the hype  was it really the best movie of all time  was that leonardo  s real nose  ok  i know that  s silly to say  but i did re  watch the film . being completely honest here  titanic is a great movie  best movie of all time  no  just depends on your idea of a good movie  but titanic delivered in romance  humor  disaster  emotions and never let us go on this maiden voyage .  br    br   the film starts with brock lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the rms titanic  searching for a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond called the heart of the ocean . unsuccessful  they instead discover a drawing of a young woman reclining nude  wearing the heart of the ocean  dated the day the titanic sank .     year  old rose dawson calvert learns of the drawing  and contacts lovett to inform him she is the woman in the drawing . she and her granddaughter elizabeth  lizzy  calvert visit lovett and his skeptical team on his salvage ship . when asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace  rose calvert recalls her memories aboard the titanic  revealing for the first time that she was rose dewitt bukater . in      the upper  class    year  old rose boards the ship with her fianc  cal hockley and her mother  ruth dewitt bukater  both of whom stress the importance of rose  s engagement to cal since the marriage will mean the eradication of the dewitt  bukater debts while they have the outward appearance of the upper  class  rose and her mother are financially broke . distraught and frustrated by her engagement to the controlling cal and the pressure her mother is putting on her to go through with the marriage  rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern . before she leaps  a drifter and artist named jack dawson intervenes . jack and rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life  and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching their bond deepens when they leave a stuffy first  class formal dinner of the rapport  building wealthy for a much livelier gathering of irish dance  music and beer in third  class . but after cal  s servant informs him of rose  s whereabouts   rose is forbidden from seeing jack again . however  after witnessing a woman encouraging her seven  year  old daughter to behave like a  proper lady  at tea  rose defies him and her mother  asking jack to sketch her nude and wearing only the heart of the ocean  an engagement present from cal . after a beautiful moment together in the very first backseat fun time  they go to the deck of the ship .  br    br   they then witness the ship  s fatal collision with an iceberg . after overhearing the ship  s lookouts discussing how serious the collision is  rose tells jack they should warn her mother and cal . meanwhile  cal discovers rose  s nude drawing and her taunting note in his safe  so he frames jack for stealing the heart of the ocean by having lovejoy plant it in jack  s pocket . upon learning cal intends to leave jack to die below deck  rose runs away from him and her mother to rescue him . jack and rose return to the top deck . cal and jack  though enemies  both want rose safe  so they persuade her to board a lifeboat . but after realizing that she cannot leave jack  rose jumps back on the ship and reunites with jack in the ship  s first class staircase . jack and rose return to the top deck  the lifeboats have gone  and the ship finally goes down into the freezing atlantic taking jack and rose down .  br    br   so does titanic live up to it  s hype  i still say that this is a great movie to watch  i think that there were and still are quite a few haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it had won a ton of awards and everyone was in love with the movie . but it has great acting  amazing effects  a well  written story and still looks flawless . love it or hate it  you have to admit this movie didn  t get a lot of hype just because of leo  s baby face or kate  s amazing ability to cry on sight  this film is something special . it will always hold a special place in my heart  it has too seeing that i saw this film  times in the theater when it was released . but all that aside  i do recommend this movie  it  s a great one and sure to go down in the classics one day .  br    br         
