fans of the hbo series  tales from the crypt  are going to love this moh episode . those who know the basic archetypal stories that most of the classic ec comics were based on  will recognize this one right off the bat .  br    br   underrated indie favorite martin donovan  also an excellent writer  co  author of the screenplays for apartment zero and death becomes her  is the kind of guy whose everyman good looks can go either way . he could play a really nice if misunderstood guy  next  door  or he can play the same role with a creepy undertone of corrosive sleaziness . in the case of right to die  he takes the latter approach  and it definitely works .  br    br   donovan is a doctor who has recently had an affair with his slutty office receptionist  robin sydney   much to the displeasure of his inconsolable  unforgiving spouse  abbey  julia anderson  . when the two of them get involved in a terrible car accident while returning from an unsuccessful weekend of  making up   and she  s horribly burned in a fire  he  s reluctant to pull the plug on her  not without some enthusiastic nudging from his even sleazier lawyer and best buddy  corbin bernsen  looking the worse for wear these days .   br    br   but abbey  s never been one to give up without a fight  and that  s where the ec  theme of the episode comes in . cuckolded husbands  and wives  have always been the genre  s favorite subject matter for some spooky  and ooky  supernatural shenanigans  and this case is definitely no exception . if anything  the ramped  up quotient of sex and gore must have bill gaines cackling with glee in his mausoleum somewhere .  br    br   and that  s not to mention that john esposito  s original script does give the adultery angle just a slight twist . you don  t realize as you  re watching that you only know half the story  until close to the end . . .  think what lies beneath with more guts and gazongas  and you  re there .   br    br   not a bad effort  but not the best of the lot  either . at least rob schmidt does display touches of flair here and there with the direction  especially in a scene that makes cell phone picture messaging into a truly horrifying experience indeed  as with most moh episodes  this one is following a prevalent theme this season of flaying and dismemberment  so the extremely squeamish need not apply .  
