tim krabbe is the praised author of  het gouden ei   a novel that was put on the screen twice   spoorloos  and  the vanishing   . one of the dutch writer  s more recent works is  de grot   a psychological thriller about two totally different men  egon and axel  who meet at a youth camp and  surprising enough  become friends for dear life . egon is a quiet  somewhat dull person  who spends his time studying and writing geography books . axel  on the other hand  is a charismatic  party  animal   a heavy drinking criminal whose everyday  s concern is to get a woman into his bedroom . from the moment they meet  axel has a strong influence on egon  while the latter envies him because he has a good life without really doing anything  such as reading thick books like egon   ultimately  egon is even dragged by egon into illegal practices himself  which leads to a fatal drug transport in a distant asian country .  br    br   after having read the book last year  i was surprised the critics were quite positive about it . in my opinion  the book suffers especially from the complex structure . while krabbe presents the story as an absorbing portrait of an uncommon relationship between two people  the plot becomes more of a puzzle the many episodes are not presented chronologically  so that two successive scenes are seldom in the same episode . because of this  the story feels surprisingly remote you often need to know a character  s background to really care for him or her . another complaint was the fact that the main characters  egon and axel  are a little stereotypical . egon is  the  dull intellectual  while axel is his exact opposite . in real life  such one  dimensional people rarely exist in books and films  they always seem to be there  taking away a lot of credibility .  br    br   despite all this  the film was a pleasant surprise  being much better than the book . the adaptation excels in its beautiful cinematography  humour and acting fedja van huet  egon  is one of the few dutch actors who can make you forget he is acting  which is  in my opinion  the highest an actor can achieve  . the drawbacks of the film  however  are the same as the book  s mainly because the characters are one  dimensional  they are so predictable that it becomes annoying . guess who wrote the script  indeed  krabbe himself . it is obvious that this talented director  that  s what the movie makes clear anyway  is hampered by a deficient screenplay . perhaps koolhoven should just have chosen a better book .  br    br        
