if any movie stands out extremely with the actors  acting skills  this is probably the one . i  ve never seen dialogues be spoken in such a rough way  but having a strong feeling . the movie was disturbing at moments . however  the movie was terrible at editing . the movie tries to go the commercial way by adding comedy and songs  yet they feel out of place . like karisma is getting beat up  and the same time srk is fighting  comically  with the police officers . the ishq kamina song was very out of place . on top of that  the movie is overly glossy in the beginning . the direction was not bad  but certainly nothing one can brag about .  br    br   i have to say that the actors  were chosen very wisely . without them  this movie would not have an impact . karisma kapoor has given her best role to date  and this looks very good on her record after zubeidaa and fiza . she looks pretty in the first half  and i  ve never seen an actress scream of emotion and anger as well as her . what is most ironic is this is probably her weakest written role to date . nana patekar was excellent as her father  in  law . not much to say about him  besides this is a role made for him . deepti naval as the mother  in  law was excellent especially in her final scene . though she doesn  t have much to say  her facial expressions and body language was good . the other good performance was the little kid . he was adorable  and is sure to bring tears to the viewer  s eyes . the movie was probably saved desperately by their performances . sanjay kapoor was all right  but he didn  t have much to do . shahrukh khan was wasted in his bad boyish type role .  br    br   one thing that brought the audience to the theater was ishq kamina . the song picturization and dancing is perfect for the crude lyrics of the song . and boy aish is mad hot . however  the song belonged to be in another movie only because it came at the worst moment ever . people may have come to the movie for aish  but they won  t brag too much about it after  wards . hum tum miley was properly paced  but seemed to drag as the suspense mood was leaving throughout the movie . damroo bhaje was boring and nothing to rave about . dil ne pukara is too boring of a song to get the mood of the movie . despite the poor editing  the performances alone make it a must see .  
