starring jim carrey  morgan freeman  jennifer anniston i was really quite skeptical the first time i watched this movie . i mean  what a conceptual nightmare . jim carrey playing god  nothing is sacred anymore .  br    br   well  this movie is hardly sacred  but it also is not sacrilegious  at least not to any great extent . yes  jim carrey has the powers of god for a while  but he is not god . confused  i  ll give you the low down .  br    br   jim carrey plays bruce nolan  a reporter who is down on his luck and feeling very unsuccessful with his life . he lives with his beautiful girlfriend  grace  anniston   and you can tell right off the bat that they love each other  but the relationship is on fairly shaky ground .  br    br   then bruce gets a shot at anchorman  only to have it underhandedly stolen by evan baxter . obviously not please  bruce shares his thoughts with the world through the television in a way which is comical and definitely worthy of getting him fired .  br    br   much complaining and griping about god later  bruce gets a page . after a while he gets tired of it calling  so he responds and goes to the omni presents building  heh  . there he meets god  freeman   who is the boss  electrician  and janitor of the building . i found this highly amusing . god is the boss  the holy spirit is the electrician  and jesus christ is the janitor . think about it . boss  obvious . electrician  the guy who keeps everything running . janitor  the guy who cleans up the mess that the world has left . brilliant .  br    br   anyway  bruce is a little skeptical about having actually met god  but when god gives bruce his powers and gives him a shot at playing god  he starts to believe a bit . wonder why . enter the flagrant abuse of powers for personal gain and to abuse the enemies .  br    br   since this is hollywood  bruce obviously eventually smartens up  learns his lesson  and starts using his powers for the good of the world . in the end he cries out for god to take it away and prays that his will be done  not bruce  s .  br    br   since it is jim carrey  the movie is quite amusing  and there are definitely some highly entertaining moments in it . the movie is not perfect theology  but for hollywood  it is definitely a good attempt . many statements in the film can be quite thought provoking and even challenging  and i applaud tom shadyac for his effort in this movie .  br    br   so  while far from perfect  definitely an amusing popcorn movie with a little bit of thought behind it .  br    br   bottom line  .  out of   worth a view or two   
