this a good episode of the new twilight zone that actually includes interesting ideas and clever stories  i note both of them are based on short stories  .  examination day  is set in the future  year unknown but at a point where they have cake candles that light themselves  huge tv  looking  phones  that double as numerous other entertaining machines and distributed only to those of a certain age . . . and the examination day  a point where    year  olds must undergo a government  required iq test . the kid is this story  dickie jordan  david mendenhall  is just celebrating his own   th birthday and is a smart kid  so is calm  even eager to take the test that he has seen friends pass easily and knows he will excel at based on his school grades . his parents  christopher allport and elizabeth norment   on the other hand  say he shouldn  t have used his birthday wish on getting a good score  and while their reason includes that they believe he  s capable and he should have no need to worry  it  s pretty obvious they are worried . i won  t give anything away in the ending  but i will say this  there  s a point where we get a glimpse of what  s to come as far ass why the test is such a heavy subject that evening  or another   his parents ask dickie whether he  d prefer to watch tv all night . by today  s standards  we  d be pleased he  d say he  d rather read and not just because there  s nothing worth watching . . . but why would his family ask this  the flavor of what  s encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a bit of the atmosphere from harrison bergenon  which i hear hasn  t received a great adaptation to the screen  . i only wish they could  ve provided an opening and closing narration to make this theme as powerful as the obsolete man was . i found it to be better than the short story it was based on . i haven  t read the one that  a message from charity  was based on  but would like to since it was interesting  a    year  ld boy  peter  robert duncan mcneill  is suffering a fever from unclean water  that has always been common in his massachusetts hometown . . . but he is able to see through the eyes of a young puritan woman suffering the same type of fever  charity payne   kerry noonann  who also finds herself able to experience what goes on around him . they both recover  especially since it  s common for that to happen in      but the connection doesn  t go away . charity is curious about the sights and sounds she records of     and they each enjoy each other  s company  especially peter  who has promoted grades in school enough to always have felt isolated from other students  even at the college he  s been staying in one place at . things take an unexpected turn  though  when charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who take her claims that the   colonies will breach from england as a sign of bewitchment  added to the fact that she was spared death from the fever  not so common in      . the two try to learn a way to save her . the ending is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touching . both segments of this episode include a lot of pain but both times  through a lesson  warning that sounds like something rod sterling would  ve cooked up and entertainment  make cheerful watching as reminders that friendship  love  and wisdom do a great deal . probably    of this has no theme  but somehow i think it all would have been approved by sterling  s crew .  
