given the title  this first follow  up to quartet       obviously reduces the number of w . somerset maugham stories which comprise the film . the author still turns up to introduce the episodes  but there  s no epilogue this time around by the way  while the script of the original compendium gave sole credit to r . c . sheriff  here maugham himself also lent a hand in the adaptation  as well as noel langley  though it  s unclear whether they contributed one segment each or else worked in unison  . as can be expected  much of the crew of quartet has been retained for the second installment  though this also extends to at least three cast members  namely naunton wayne  wilfrid hyde  white and felix aylmer  the last two had bit parts in the episode from quartet entitled the colonel  s lady  . while trio ultimately emerges to be a lesser achievement than its predecessor  slightly unbalanced by the third story which takes up more than half the running  time   it  s still done with the utmost care  acted with verve by a stellar cast and is solidly enjoyable into the bargain .  br    br   the verger tells of a church sexton  james hayter   for which the story  s title is another word  who  s dismissed after   years of service by the new parish priest  michael hordern  simply because he  s illiterate . rather than rest on his laurels  despite his age  he not only takes a wife  his landlady  played by kathleen harrison  but opens a tobacconist shop strategically placed in a lengthy stretch of road where no such service is offered  and  with business flourishing  this is developed into a whole chain . the last scene  then  sees him pay a visit to bank manager felix aylmer who  not only is surprised to learn of hayter  s lack of education  but is prompted to ask him what his other interests were  to which the wealthy  and respected  tobacconist replies  with some measure of irony  that he had the calling to be a verger   br    br   the second episode  mr . know  all  is the shortest but also perhaps the most engaging a voyage at sea is utterly beleaguered by the insufferable presence of a pompous young man  nigel patrick   british despite his foreign  sounding name of kelada  who professes to be an authority on virtually every subject under the sun . naunton wayne and wilfrid hyde  white are the two passengers who have to put up with him the most  the latter because he shares a cabin with the man and the former in view of patrick  s attentions to his pretty wife  anne crawford  . during a fancy  dress party  however  the passengers decide to enact their revenge  on kelada by having one of them impersonate him  a jest which he naturally doesn  t appreciate    still  it  s here that he contrives to show a decent side to his character  told by crawford that the necklace she  s wearing is an imitation  wayne challenges patrick to name its pricebut the latter realizes immediately that it  s the genuine article and that this would compromise crawford  s position if he were to tell  so kelada allows himself to be publicly ridiculed rather than expose the fact that the woman probably has a secret admirer   br    br   as can also be deduced from the title  sanatorium deals with the myriad patients at such a place  run by andre  morell the protagonist is a new intern  roland culver  who wistfully observes the various goings  on . the narrative  in fact  highlights in particular three separate strands of plot  one humorous  the feud  between two aged scots long resident at the sanatorium  played by finlay currie and john laurie   one melodramatic  the erratic relationship between disgruntled patient raymond huntley and long  suffering but devoted wife betty ann davies  and one bittersweet  the romance between nave but charming jean simmons and dashing cad michael rennie which  in spite of having pretty much everything against it including the fact that morell has diagnosed simmons as a lifer  while rennie only has a few years left to him  leads the couple to the altar  .  
