a cry in the dark  br    br   a cry in the dark was a film that i anticipated would offer a phenomenal performance from meryl streep and a solid  if unremarkable film . this assumption came from the fact that aside from streep  s best actress nomination  the movie received little attention from major awards groups .  br    br   little did i anticipate that a cry in the dark would be such a riveting drama  well  constructed on every level . if you ask me  this is an under  appreciatted classic .  br    br   the film opens rather slowly  letting the audience settle into the chamberlain  s at a relaxed pace and really notice that  at the core  they are an incredibly loving  simple family . fred schepisi  the director  selects random moments to capture of a family on vacation that give a looming sense of the oncoming tragedy  while also showing the attentive bliss with which lindy  streep  and michael  sam neill  chamberlain care for their children .  br    br   while the famous line  a dingo took my baby   has become somewhat of a punchline these days  the movie never even comes close to laughable . the actual death of azaria is horrifyingly captured . it is subtle and realistic  leaving the audience horrified and asking questions .  br    br   the majority of the film takes place in courtrooms and focuses on the chamberlain  s continuous fight to prove their innocence to the press and the court  which suspects lindy of murder .  br    br   the fact that it is clear to us from the beginning that they are innocent makes the tense trials all the more gripping . as an audience member  i was fully invested in the chamberlain  s plight . . . and was genuinely angered and hurt and saddened when they were made to look so terrible by the media . but at the same  the media  public opinion is understandable . i loved the way the media was by no means made to be sympathetic  but they always had valid reasons to hold their views .  br    br   the final line of the film is very profound and captures perfectly the central element that makes this film so much different from other courtroom dramas .  br    br   in terms of performances  the only ones that really matter in this film are those of streep and neill . . . and they deliver in every way . for me  this ranks as one of  if not    meryl streep  s best performances . for all her mastery of different accents  which of course are very impressive in their own right   streep never loses the central heart and soul of her characters . i find this to be one of streep  s more subtle performances  and she hits it out of the park . and neill  an actor who has never impressed me beyond being charismatic and appealing in jurassic park  is a perfect counterpoint to streep  s performance . from what i  ve seen  this is undoubtedly neill  s finest work to date . it  s a shame he wasn  t recognized by the academy with a leading actor nomination to match streep  s . . . b  c the two of them play of each other brilliantly .  br    br   more emotionally gripping than most films  and also incredibly suspenseful . . . a cry in the dark far exceeded my expectations . i highly recommend that people who only know of the movie as the flick where meryl screams  the dingo took my baby   watch the film and see just how much more there is to a cry in the dark then that one line .  br    br   . . . a . . .  
