many of the criticisms on this thread seem to pick a comparison of this film with  the mortal storm  or  casablanca  . everyone is entitled to compare films they choose  but the similarities of  the mortal storm  and  watch on the rhine  are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the nazi juggernaut  while the main comparative point brought out with  casablanca  is the seeming unjust treatment of humphrey bogart in     by the academy of motion picture arts and science  because they chose paul lukas instead for the best actor oscar . it does not strike me as totally wrong . lukas had a good career in film  both here and in england  he is the villain in  the lady vanishes    and this performance was his best one . bogart had more great performances in him than rick blaine  for instance  he was ignored for sam spade in  the maltese falcon  and roy earle in  high sierra  two years earlier  both of which were first rate performances  and he would not get an oscar for his greatest performances as fred c . dobbs in  the treasure of sierra madres   the writer  murder suspect in  in a lonely place   and captain philip francis queeg in  the caine mutiny  afterward  he got it for charley in  the african queen   . i think that bogie should have got it for the role of dobbs  but it did not happen . but lukas was lucky  he got it on the defining performance of his lesser career . few can claim that .  br    br   to me the film to look at with  watch on the rhine  is based on another play  script by hellman   the searching wind  . they both look at america  s spirit of isolationism in the     s and     s .  the searching wind  is really looking at the whole inter  war period  while  watch on the rhine   set in the years just proceeding our entry into world war ii  deals with a few weeks of time . therefore it is better constructed as a play  and more meaningful for it  s impact .  br    br   the film has many good performances  led by lukas as the exhausted but determined anti  nazi fighter  courier  davis as his loyal wife  wisely keeping her character as low keyed as possible due to lukas being the center of the play  s activities   coulouris as the selfish  conniving  but ultimately foolish and ineffective teck  lucille watson as the mother of davis and geraldine fitzgerald  as coulouris  wiser and sadder and fed up wife   and kurt katch  who delivers a devastating critique  as the local embassy  s gestapo chief  about coulouris and others who would deal with the nazis . it has dialog with bite in it . and what it says is quite true . it also has moments of near poetry . witness the scene  towards the end  when coulouris is left alone with lukas and davis  and says   the new world has left the scene to the old world  . hellman could write very well at times .  br    br   given the strength of the film script and performances i would rate this film highly among world war ii films .  
