charming doesn  t even begin to describe  saving grace  it  s absolutely irresistible  anyone who ventures into this movie will leave with their spirits soaring high  haha  .  br    br   grace trevethyn  brenda blethyn  has just lost her husband  but her problems are about to get a whole lot worse . her dearly departed has left her with no money and outstanding debts . faced with losing everything  she has to find out a way to get a lot of cash . . . fast  she gets an idea when her gardener  matthew  craig ferguson  asks the town  famous horticulturist to give him advice on a plant he is secretly growing . grace immediately realizes that his plant is marijuana  so they decide to use her gardening skills to grow a lot of top  quality weed  and then sell it to pay off her outstanding debts .  br    br   the most notable quality about  saving grace  is its likability . every character is extremely sympathetic  and  save for the first   or so minutes  the film is non  stop good cheer . everyone wants a happy ending for everyone  even if it means turning a blind eye to some rather illegal activities .  br    br   the acting is top  notch . brenda blethyn is one of britain  s finest actresses  and here is why . she turns what could have been a caricature into a fully living and breathing individual . she  s a nice lady  but she  s not stupid . craig ferguson is equally amiable as matthew . he  s a deadbeat loser  but he  s so likable that it doesn  t matter . the rest of the ensemble cast fits in this category as well  but special mention has to go to tcheky karyo . the french actor always has a aura of menace about him  and that suits him well  but he also has great comedy skills .  br    br   nigel cole finds the perfect tone for  saving grace .  it  s all about the charm . one of the problems i have with british humor is that all the energy seems to be drained out of the film . not so here . the film is thoroughly likable and always amusing . that  s not to say that  saving grace  is just a likable movie that will leave you with a grin and a good feeling . while this movie is not an out and out comedy  it does boast two or three scenes that are nothing short of hysterical .  br    br   if there  s any problem with the film  it  s that the climax is a little confusing . the questions are answered though  and the ending boasts an unexpected twist .  br    br   see  saving grace   especially when you  re having a bad day .  
