tweaked a little bit   nothing  could be a children  s film . it  s a very clever concept  touches upon some interesting metaphysical themes  and goes against pretty much every hollywood convention you can think of . . . what goes against everything more than  literally   nothing   nothing is the story of two friends who wish the world away when everything goes wrong with their lives . all that  s left is what they don  t hate  and a big empty white space . it  s hard to focus a story on just two actors for the majority of your film  especially without any cuts to anything going on outside the plot . it focuses on pretty much one subject  but that  s prime vincenzo natali territory . if you  ve seen  cube   you know already that he tends to like that type of situation . the  nothing  in this movie is apparently infinite space  but natali somehow manages to make it somewhat claustrophobic  if only because there  s literally nothing else  and nowhere else to go . the actors sell it  although you can tell these guys are friends anyway . two actors from  cube  return here  worth and kazan   but are entirely different characters . they change throughout the story  and while they  re not the strongest actors in the world  they  re at least believable .  br    br   the reason i say this could be a children  s film under the right tweaks  is because aside from a few f  bombs and a somewhat unnecessary bloody dream sequence  the whimsical and often silly feel of this movie could very much be digested easily by kids . so i find it an odd choice that the writers decided to add some crass language and a small amount of gore  especially considering there isn  t very much of it . this could  ve gotten a pg rating easily had they simply cut a few things out and changed a little dialogue . there is very little objectionable about this film  but just enough to keep parents from wanting their kids to see it . i only say that  s a shame because not because i support censorship  but because that may have been the only thing preventing this movie from having wider exposure .  br    br   at any rate  this is a reasonably entertaining film  albeit with a few dragged  out scenes . but for literally being about nothing  and focused entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing  they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film .  
