when it came out  this was pretty much state of the art musical film entertainment . to this day it  s more entertaining than most  in great part because it has james cagney in the lead role as a musical prologue producer under a succession of deadlines and sheltered from all storms by his trusty  girl friday  played by joan blondell . also the musical numbers towards the end which were put together by busby berkeley are pretty much a knock  out as far as that type of thing goes .  br    br   but this is a pretty strange movie . i mean in one of those numbers  you  ve got billy barty running around pretending to be a lovable toddler  doing all kinds of weird stuff . ruby keeler seems to have a sickening smile plastered on her face at all times  but at least she  s not required to act like in some of her later unfortunate films . you  d never guess that dick powell was any kind of tough guy from seeing him in this movie apparently all the tough guy energy was allocated to the star cagney . as for cagney  his high speed rants about musical shows and so forth are endearing and annoying at the same time . after a while it gets a bit too much . you expect him to walk out and say   hey  i  ve got a great idea for a prologue  the women are cigarettes  and they come out of a pack of smokes  oh no  we did that one last month   it  s funny but it gets a bit repetitive . in the moments where he has to get tough with the bad girl  ruth donnelly  some of the established cagney gangster character comes out . in fact frequent b gangster director william keighley is credited here with dialogue coaching  and it seems at times that cagney and blondell are invoking something very  street  even though the characters aren  t criminal .  br    br   the musical numbers . . . what can you say  they stand alone as entertainment  the way that berkeley uses the human body and geometry is really startling . but none of them really mean anything . it means  honeymoon hotel   nothing really more or less . and the whole pretense of the integration falls apart immediately  since the characters in the show are doing things that couldn  t possibly be appreciated by a theater audience like the movie portrays . for example at one point they show the fine print on a newspaper  things like that . the whole thing could only exist on film  so the idea that the prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous . i can only suppose that audiences of the time were somewhat less critical about things like this than they would be ten years later or so  because this is a very polished production .  br    br   it  s great to see cagney himself show off his superb dancing skills  and he can actually share the stage with a dancer like keeler . cagney and blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes go off really well . the music i would say is only mediocre  but mostly pleasing if repetitive . bacon  s direction in general is very suitable but never interesting . the film  s entertainment value is unquestionable and it has also picked up some nostalgic value along the way . it  s a cut above most  let  s put on a show  films of the   s .  
