the stock market crash of     and the depression following almost ruined the american musical theater  in fact it was the final death blow to vaudeville . those behind the curtains were hit as bad as those in front .  br    br   in an effort to stimulate the show business economy and his own personal economy  out of work theater director james cagney comes up with a brilliant idea . stage live relevant prologues to the movies that are being shown at the various movie theaters that are springing up overnight from the old theaters . some other competitors get wind of it and the competition is on .  br    br   footlight parade is my favorite busby berkeley film . it gives james cagney a chance to display some of his versatility as a dancer as well as a tough guy . in his retirement cagney said that while he screened his few and far between musicals a lot  he could barely be bothered with some of his straight dramatic films . he wished he  d done a few more musicals in his career and i wish he had .  br    br   of course the staging of these busby berkeley extravaganzas on the stage of a movie palace defies all logic and reason . but it  s so creative and fun to watch .  br    br   dick powell gets to sing three songs in footlight parade  ah the moon is here  honeymoon hotel  and by a waterfall  the last two with ruby keeler further cementing that screen team . ruby sings and dances with powell in the last two and she partners with james cagney in my favorite number from footlight parade  shanghai lil .  br    br   joan blondell is cagney  s no nonsense girl friday at the theater . like in blonde crazy  she  s the one with the real brains in that duo and it  s her quick thinking that bails him out of some domestic problems he has on top of his theatrical ones . one of blondell  s best screen roles .  br    br   look for dorothy lamour and ann sothern in the chorus as per the imdb pages for both of them . john garfield is seen briefly in the shanghai lil number . and in a scene at the beginning of the film  producer guy kibbee takes cagney to a movie theater where they are showing a b western starring john wayne . the duke  s voice is unmistakable . but what  s even more unusual is that the brief clip shows him in a scene with frank mchugh who plays another cagney assistant in footlight parade . i think the brothers warner were playing a little joke there . i  ve got to believe that clip was deliberate .  br    br   footlight parade is busby berkeley at his surreal best .  
