it  s true that danny steinmann  s  the unseen  is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot  no particular attempts for twists or surprises whatsoever and featuring literally every single clich the genre has brought forward over the decades  but that doesn  t necessarily make it a bad film . on the contrary  my friends and i were pleasantly surprised by this obscure but nevertheless intense little    s shock  feature that mainly benefices from a handful of brutal images and a downright brilliant casting . the beautiful and ambitious reporter jennifer fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a little californian town to shoot a documentary on the anniversary festival  but their hotel forgot to register their booking . in their search for a place to stay  the trio runs into the exaggeratedly friendly but suspicious museum curator ernest keller who invites the girls to stay at his remote countryside mansion . one by one the girls experience that keller and his extremely introvert and submissive sister victoria hide a dark and murderous secret inside their house .  the unseen  can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverse amalgamation of the horror classics  psycho  and  the texas chainsaw massacre  . the plot is a series of familiar themes that became notorious and endlessly imitated due to these two films  like twisted family secrets in the cellar  voyeurism  crazed inbred killers and a very unappetizing treatment of chickens . still  i don  t consider these to be negative remarks  as  the unseen  is a completely unpretentious and modestly unsettling thriller that clearly never intended to be the greatest horror classic of the decade . although the denouement of the plot is pretty clear quite fast  director steinmann attempts to maintain the mystery by keeping the evil present in the house  unseen  like the title promised . the casting choices and acting performances are truly what lift this sleeper above the level of mediocre . sydney lassick  immortalized since his role as the overly anxious psychiatric patient charley cheswick in  one flew over the cuckoo  s nest  is truly the ideal choice for the role of ernest keller . his persistent friendliness and almost naturally perverted appearance are exactly what the character needed . also stephen furst  who eventually turns from the unseen into the seen  gives away a tremendous performance as  junior  . he looks and acts like an authentic handicapped man and his attempts to get close to jennifer in the basement are genuinely unnerving .  the unseen  is a slow and predictable but nevertheless potent early    s film that will certainly appeal to fans of    s exploitation and generally weird stuff .  
