i  ve had a lot of experience with women in russia  and this movie portrays what a lot of them are like  unfortunately . they are very cunning  ruthless  and greedy  as well as highly unfair . from the robotic sex  the hustling for gifts  to the lies and betrayal  i  ve experienced it all in russia .  br    br   i know what i  m talking about . and here are my qualifications here are the photojournals of my three trips to russia in search of a bride . it includes thousands of pics of many hot russian girls i met  black comedy  scams i was privy to  and the story of my mugging and appearance on russian national tv .  br    br   http   www . happierabroad . com  photojournals . htm  br    br   it  s like reality tv . you will love it . i spent a ton of time putting it together . so check it out . the russian woman that nicole kidman plays is a lot like the julia and katya in my photojournals .  br    br   my  bride seeking trips in russia happen to be very exciting and would sell  so why don  t they make a movie out of my bride seeking adventures in russia  however  there is one factual impossibility in this film  and that is the way which the guy orders his bride from a catalog and having her arrive at an airport . it doesn  t work that way at all  so i don  t understand why the media likes to perpetuate this . there isn  t a single russian bride introduction website that works this way  and i challenge anyone to find one that does . the fact is  you can only order the russian lady  s contact info  email  address  phone number  etc .  from the website . from there  you correspond and then visit her  and if you want to bring her to your country  you start the immigration process at your ins office  and wait months after that . that  s how it works in real life . you can  t just order her to arrive at your airport . us immigration would never allow such a thing to happen .  br    br   wumaster  br    br    i got everything i wanted by going abroad  you can too  http   www . happierabroad . com  
