this movie really woke me up  like it wakes up the main male character of this bravely different movie from his life slumber .  br    br   this guy john  ben chaplin  leads his mediocre safe life of a bank teller in a small provincial english town  until the stunningly gorgeous  wild  girl  to  die  for nadia  nicole kidman   ordered by email from russia  enters his life to become his beloved wife  by johns plan . however a glitch turns up  nadia does not speak a word of johns language . although calm and emotionless on the outside  john becomes so interested in beautiful nadia that instead of using the full refund policy of the matching service  he buys her a dictionary to start the communication process .  br    br   what happens henceforth in the plot really shakes poor john from his slumber of a decently  paid safe  feeling clerk into a decision  making decently thinking action figure  giving the viewer a subliminal message  you would have probably acted likewise  .  br    br   kidman  cassel  kassovitz make a great team acting russians and they are almost indistinguishable from the real thing   almost  only due to the slight accent present in their russian dialogues  however slight enough to amaze a native russian by the hard work done to get the words sound right . nicole kidman proves her talent once again by playing a character quite different from the previous roles  at least from the cultural background .  br    br   the pace of the film is fast and captivating  and you certainly are not ready to quit watching when the end titles appear  you rather feel that you  re in the middle of the plot  and are left with a desire to see the sequel as soon as it comes out .  br    br   my advice is to go out and get this film immediately and watch it and enjoy . to sum it up  it has an unusual plot  great acting  and ideas below the surface . like the idea of the  rude awakening  from the artificial safe routine life of a wheel in a society  s machine  the life which members of the fight club were so keen to quit and the machine of which pink floyd sings   welcome to the machine    . i bet that in the end  john was rather off with sophia on their way to the unknown than not having met her at all .  br    br   thank you  writers  for the great story  and everyone else for this great movie  please make a sequel  and you can stage it whereever and name the location whatever  because the authenticity of the place is irrelevant to the   .     percent of the potential viewers  i am sure of it .  
