this movie is tremendous for uplifting the spirits .  br    br   every time i watch it  i see  hear funny little things that i missed before .  br    br   the soundtrack is unbelievable . mick jones  foreigner  and chris difford  squeeze  penned the songs  making strange fruit the best thing that ever hit today  s music scene .  br    br   unfortunately  strange fruit are a strictly fictitional washed up     s to    s band that were never good to begin with  due to drug use and inner fighting . one wonders what might have been  while listening to their fanatstic soundtrack .  br    br   the fruit draw inspiration from the rolling stones  deep purple  david bowie  and the who .  br    br   each member of fruit are quite memorable . stephen rea stars as down  and  dead  broke tony costello  who is asked by a festival promoter to reunite his band for a reunion tour  with hopes of reaping monetary benefits . costello haply approaches ex  roadie karen knowles  played by juliet aubrey  to help him rekindle the flame of a dream long past .  br    br   juliet gathers up the bitter jimmy nail  les wickes   blundering timothy spall  david  beano  baggot   and extravagantly glamouresque ray simms  bill nighy  . tumbling in is another ex  roadie  the hippy  toker  jokester hughie  billy connolly   who never let the flame burn out .  br    br   as juliet searches for the last member of their motley band  the elusive guitarist  songwriter brian lovell  played by the brooding bruce robinson   the reunited members squabble  just like old times  fighting over each others  rusty talent .  br    br   the band is then given the chance to do a small dutch tour  to prepare for the festival . with young hendrix  like luke shand  hans matheson  taking the place of lovell  the crew hits the road . the sparks fly as their memories flame forward  threatening to burn their unfinished goals . . .  br    br   be prepared to laugh  sing  cheer  and cry  as these memorable characters etch themselves back into your hearts . . .  
