tashan  the title itself explains the nature of the movie .  br    br   this type of movies are actually made for flop . what a shame that yash raj films produces such movies those are worthless than c  grade movies . or even some c  grade movies have better and pleasing story than tashan . the much hyped and over  confidently promoted tashan poorly bombed at the box  office which it certainly deserved .  br    br   in my view  this is the worst movie ever made from honourable yash raj films  banner . how come they handled such a heavy project to new vijay krishna acharya who has no actual sense of making action flick  he tried to imitate sanjay gadhvi  s ways of making like dhoom but he suffered at last . the action scenes are more like than comics or cartoon movies made for exhausting the audiences .  br    br   the story also loses in its meaning and substances to tenderly win the audiences  hearts . in most scenes anil kapoor reminds me of southern tamil star rajnikant in his body languages and wordly expressions . i am not a fan of neither saif nor akshay  but the award of kareena should have finally gone to saif   s hand instead of akshay . just from the starting point i expected of it  but at the end it displeased me with the climax truth . saif is the main behind the whole adventure  while akshay joins in the midst . in any movie  the final should be judged with the whole characters of the entire story and the award or say reward should be given to the one who deserves credit . and tashan loses in this way  and unexpectedly failed to become a hit .  br    br   akshay  s has nothing new to show off his comedian talent here but still reminds of his previous movies . he seriously need to form a new image to his fans that would impress them again and again . in between saif did a great job in race  and now he returned again in his hilarious nature through this movie . but he has fully developed himself in the acting field . and last but not the least about kareena . she looks really hot with bikini dress of which some complain as she became too lean . but i myself don  t think so  instead she became slim . yes slim    it is a good factor for a female to attract the major people  or say  male  . beside them it is nice that saif  s son ibrahim appears in the beginning  last as young saif . i hope now he too will lean forward in target of making acting as his career .  br    br   those who like this tashan they are either mentally immatured or still want to go back to childhood  or say want to be admitted in an asylum . thumbs down to debutante director vijay krishna acharya who mishandled the project offered by yash raj films . in future he should experiment and study the script minimum of  years before going into practical directions .  br    br   sorry  i don  t like to rate good stars to this type of junk movies .  
