well  at least my theater group did  lol . so of course i remember watching grease since i was a little girl  while it was never my favorite musical or story  it does still hold a little special place in my heart since it  s still a lot of fun to watch . i heard horrible things about grease  and that  s why i decided to never watch it  but my boyfriend said that it really wasn  t all that bad and my friend agreed  so i decided to give it a shot  but i called them up and just laughed . first off the plot is totally stolen from the first one and it wasn  t really clever  not to mention they just used the same characters  but with different names and actors . tell me  how did the pink ladies and t  birds continue years on after the former gangs left  not to mention the creator face motor cycle enemy  gee  what a striking resemblance to the guys in the first film as well as these t  birds were just stupid and ridiculous .  br    br   another year at rydell and the music and dancing hasn  t stopped . but when a new student who is sandy  s cousin comes into the scene  he is love struck by a pink lady  stephanie . but she must stick to the code where only pink ladies must stick with the t  birds  so the new student  decides to train as a t  bird to win her heart . so he dresses up as a rebel motor cycle bandit who can ride well and defeat the evil bikers from easily kicking the t  bird  s butts . but will he tell stephanie who he really is or will she find out on her own  well  find out for yourself .  br    br   grease  is like a silly tv show of some sort that didn  t work . the gang didn  t click as well as the first grease did  not to mention frenchy coming back was a bit silly and unbelievable  because i thought that she graduated from rydell  but apparently she didn  t . the songs were not really that catchy i  m glad that michelle was able to bounce back so fast  but that  s probably because she was the only one with talent in this silly little sequel  i wouldn  t really recommend this film  other than if you are curious  but i warned you  this is just a pathetic attempt at more money from the famous musical .  br    br        
