when i was    grease  was like crack . it was a classless  shameful  euphoric  and powerfully addictive experience . my sister and i would watch it  rewind it  and watch it over again and again and again until we passed out or became too confused and hostile to stand one another . so  if you are an    year old girl  and you reviewed this film as  brilliant  or  fun  or  better than the original grease   you have your fledgling adolescent hormones to blame and you can rest assured that this unyielding fixation with utter rubbish will pass .  br    br   if  however  you are not a little girl  you have absolutely no excuse to suggest that grease  was anything but an inane  artless  slipshod embarrassment for all who participated in its production  distribution  and  or consumption .  br    br   for the sake of criticism  i will dignify the film now by explaining why it blows  br    br    . in a well  executed musical  the songs should advance the narrative or develop the characters . in grease   with a few debatable exceptions  to the music is obscenely pointless . most of the songs appear to relate gimped innuendo about sex in an excessive and general way   score tonight    reproduction    do it for our country   and  prowlin    without making one concrete statement about any of the film  s characters or themes . plus  all of the music is uncomfortably stupid and no one in the cast demonstrates even the crudest semblance of an ability to sing or dance .  br    br    . the t  birds should be badass  and if not at least somewhat likable  but instead each of them is an annoying wussy  dufus  loser . in the end  when johnny nogerelli offers michael the sacred t  bird jacket and initiates him into the gang  michael should kick it to the ground  spit on it  and duck away to fervently scrub any part of his body that was touched by it . but of course  he accepts it as if it is gold because despite the fact that they are a bunch of bumbling meatheads  there is no greater honor than to be one with the t  birds .  br    br    . since michael is beautiful  smart  kind  resourceful  and above average in everyway  his musical impotence notwithstanding   it is feasible that stephanie would ultimately embrace him when he reveals himself to be the man behind the mask . stephanie  on the other hand  is a slovenly  slack  jawed  bubble gum smacking  dirty sweatshirt wearing  gracelessly rude and trashy dingbat . so aside from being pretty  i guess   she harbors no likable characteristics  thus  audiences are given no justification whatsoever for the depth of michael  s attraction to her .  br    br   i could go on and on  but i didn  t want to mention the gross inferiority to its predecessor since there are apparently so many cranks out there who seem to feel that such a comparison is unfair . i will say this though  to those of you who think you want to revisit this mess for old time  s sake grease  is an experience akin to re  living your first kiss . only you are   now and kissing a snot  nosed    year old kid with acne and slobby braces . the magic is gone and you are left feeling dirty and disturbed . trust me .  
