german filmmaker ulli lommel has managed a task many horror fans thought was impossible he  s unseated fellow teuton uwe boll for the crown of director of the worst horror film ever made .  br    br   lommel is truly the ed wood of the new millennium . this film is as shoddy and laughable as the best  worst of ew . i am both proud and embarrassed to say that i watched it in toto  morbidly fascinated to see just low the bar could be set . the answer is subterranean lommel dug a pit and buried it .  br    br   the fun begins with the cast of international nobodies . only someone who has lived in los angeles  where every auto mechanic  doctor and mailman is an actor or screenwriter waiting to be discovered  could easily understand how lommel managed to find so many wannabe actors willing to spew his ridiculous dialog with a straight face .  br    br   the main character  a villainous beat cop  is played by a german actor with a thick german accent . aside from being a serial killer  he is also the oldest beat cop in la . despite the fact that he stops innocent women drivers and takes them into custody  then drags them into his home  which inexplicably is the top floor of a furniture warehouse   and does all this in plain sight of his rookie partners  the lapd refuses to investigate  going so far as to physically attack one of his accusers in a ninja style raid on his apartment .  br    br   the sets are excruciatingly bad . the production designer  s budget apparently included just enough money for a can of paint enough to paint  precinct     on a cardboard wall .  br    br   since the actors were obviously unpaid non  professionals   a sad assortment of european emigres  possibly deportees if they acted in their native lands   bimbos  mimbos  and desperate middle  aged women   and since little if any money was spent on sets  special efx  locations or other production value  it is only fair to mention that they did spring for a few genuine  looking police uniforms . sadly  they couldn  t afford a police car the uniformed cops cruise the streets in a shiny new mercury rental .  br    br   more than half of the story focuses on the dirty deeds of our deranged german lapd officer and the futile efforts of two young rookies to stop him . one of these young actors is especially pitiable because he  s the only actor in this whole mess with even a vague shot at a real career in the movies . the other fits right in  with a rockabilly hairdo and tortured brando posing that needs to be seen to be appreciated .  br    br   the latter part of the film is where the title gets its zombie  as the victims of our killer are resurrected after he murders a girl who had just visited some voodoo priestesses to have a protective spell put on her . don  t ask why a girl from romania would resort to voodooism in anticipation of being murdered  just accept lommel  s logic and enjoy the absurd ride .  br    br   after much prolonged hand  clawing out of straw  covered roadside graves  the zombie girls manage to make their appearance . they look exactly as they did before death  maybe even prettier  with black glamor make  up generously airbrushed around their eyes . looking nothing like zombies  they look more like high fashion models ready for the runway .  br    br   at this point in the movie lommel borrows a creative note from his lauded countryman boll  and injects large doses of cheesy euro  trash techno into the soundtrack . we  re talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise . stuff they might have played in an ibiza disco when lommel was still young enough to shake his booty .  br    br   unlike other zombies  lommel  s girls speak and function as normal . . . er  i mean  as they did before becoming zombified . this gives our auteur ample opportunities to shower us with more of his golden dialog . yes  a golden shower it is .  br    br   i won  t spoil anything by revealing the shock ending . all i can say is it  s perfectly in tune with the rest of this masterpiece . the spirit of ed wood lives on . . . or should i say his geist .  
