granting the budget and time constraints of serial production  batman and robin nonetheless earns a place near the bottom of any  cliffhanger  list  utterly lacking the style  imagination  and atmosphere of its     predecessor  batman .  br    br   the producer  sam katzman  was known as  king of the quickies  and  like his director  spencer bennett  seemed more concerned with speed and efficiency than with generating excitement .  unfortunately  this team also produced the two superman serials  starring kirk alyn  with their tacky flying animation  canned music  and dull supporting players .  the opening of each chapter offers a taste of things to come thoroughly inane titles   robin rescues batman    batman vs wizard    mechanical music droning on  and our two heroes stumbling toward the camera looking all around  either confused or having trouble seeing through their cheap halloween masks . batman  s cowl  with its devil  s horns and eagle  s beak  fits so poorly that the stuntman has to adjust it during the fight scenes . his  utility belt  is a crumpled strip of cloth with no compartments  from which he still manages to pull a blowtorch and an oxygen tube at critical moments   br    br   in any case  the lead players are miscast . robert lowery displays little charm or individual flair as bruce wayne  and does not cut a particularly dynamic figure as batman . he creates the impression that he  d rather be somewhere  anywhere else  john duncan  as robin  has considerable difficulty handling his limited dialogue . he is too old for the part  with an even older stuntman filling in for him . out of costume  lowery and duncan are as exciting as tired businessmen ambling out for a drink  without one ounce of the chemistry evident between lewis wilson and douglas croft in the     serial .  br    br   although serials were not known for character development  the earlier batman managed to present a more energetic cast . this one offers a group going through the motions  not that the filmmakers provide much support . not one of the hoodlums stands out  and they are led by one of the most boring villains ever   the wizard .   great name   actually  they are led by someone sporting a curtain  a shawl  and a sack over his head  with a dubbed voice that desperately tries to sound menacing . the  prime suspects    an eccentric professor  a radio broadcaster   are simply annoying .  br    br   even the established comic book  regulars  are superfluous . it is hard to discern much romance between vicki vale and bruce wayne . despite the perils she faces  vicki displays virtually no emotion . commissioner gordon is none  too  bright . unlike in the previous serial  alfred the butler is a mere walk  on whose most important line is  mr wayne  s residence .  they are props for a drawn  out  gimmick  laden  incoherent plot  further saddled with uninspired  repetitive music and amateurish production design . the wayne manor exterior resembles a suburban middle  class home in any sitcom  the interiors those of a cheap roadside motel . the batcave is an office desperately in need of refurbishing .  the costumes are kept rolled up in a filing cabinet    br    br   pity that the filmmakers couldn  t invest more effort into creating a thrilling adventure . while the availability of the two serials on dvd is a plus for any serious  batfan   one should not be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box . they capture more of the authentic mood of the comic book than all   chapters of batman and robin combined .  br    br   now for the good news   this is not the     version   
