the documentary revolves around eva mozes kor  a holocaust survivor  part of mengele  s experiments on twins  consisting primarily her version of what happened at auschwitz  and a comparison of the emotions of the other survivors of the twin experiments . the movie obviously had great reviews . it  s one of those topics that no one dares to voice a contrary opinion about .  br    br   i too  for a large part of the movie  got sucked into the emotion that the movie  maker so obviously wanted the viewer to concentrate on . one of the user reviews on imdb by eric monder  obviously having nothing critical to say about the issue on a public forum  could only find the sweetest nectar .  in one of the many dramatic sequences  as a group of jews argue with kor at a jewish center  the meaning of the word  forgive  is even debated  but the isolated and outnumbered kor holds her own  but by this time  the sappy hold that the movie had on my dormant emotional repertoire had let loose enough that i could see clearly once more . after the  strong  willed  eva kor forgives her  nazi captors  the movie begins to delve into what forgiving is all about  at least from the viewpoint of kor . the movie goes about following her  past her public statement forgiving the nazis and into new territory . to me  this was the meat of the movie  surrounded by inedible fat of her  act of forgiveness  . obviously  it was a very sick cow .  br    br   on a mission to test her theory of forgiveness  in order to heal wounds of the past  she makes her way to the  promised land  to meet with some arabs  to discuss with them the issues that they face and to see if dialogue cannot lead to a better understanding of the situation and heavily interspersed with debates and discussions with jews in the us on her act of forgiving the nazis  including one at a jewish center in chicago . from then on  anyone not so teary eyed that they can  t see the screen will find it hard  pressed to miss the obvious contradiction in her statements .  br    br   firstly  you immediately notice her body language  defensive and unwilling to listen in a room full of arab scholars and teachers . her comments about how she feared that they might kidnap her shows how much of a waste of time  effort and money the entire act was . a rather annoyed dr sami advan  professor of education at bethlehem university  gets it just right when he tells kor off for a statement she makes about how she would rather be asleep in her apartment .  br    br   finally  the debate at the jewish center in chicago  where she is  grilled  on the meaning of forgiveness and her right to do so  in the wake of those that continue suffering through the trauma of the acts .  br    br   i will cut to the chase . by the end of the movie  i was hoping i hadn  t chosen to watch the movie . the movie was badly made  failing to delve deeper into anything about auschwitz apart from the purely trivial  just sufficient to make sure the holocaust is refreshed in the viewers memory and to incite a barrage of tears . it showed that kor  the subject of the documentary was unable to engage in fair discussion . her discussion abilities were limited to parroting her stance on forgiveness  at best  to a complete unwillingness to listen or participate .  br    br   lastly  is everyone so retarded today that they can  t notice the difference between making peace and forgiving  quoting another imdb user   i don  t see her forgiveness as being weak  quite the contrary  she just wanted to relieve its hold from her soul  she wanted the suffering to be over  so she let it go .  that would be the perfect layman  s definition of making peace .  br    br   i guess  in a world of propaganda  blind faith and political correctness  there is no room to question those that have  gone through more than the human mind can fathom  .  br    br   p . s . the dictionary certainly should go into all those books  to  buy lists everyone keeps making .  
