i hate to sound like an  old person   but frankly i haven  t seen too many movies that i like that were made after     . . . generally  movies just seem to get worse and worse  although i quite enjoyed the scott baio vehicle  the bread  my sweet   except for the  de rigeur  sex scene which added nothing of value to that movie  . this movie makes the mother  a former las vegas chorus girl  seem to be incapable of surviving on her own  although she is clearly in her   s  though hinted at being in her   s  . i didn  t buy it . i  m   and like all the women i know in their   s and   s  more than capable of surviving on my own  as i have been doing since i graduated from high school at    got legally emancipated and set off on my own life  s journey .   br    br   the daughter is not believable in her job role . . . she gets a promotion she doesn  t deserve  a great opportunity  and drops that ball too  but when another female employee steps up to the plate and is ready to deliver  the writers shoot her down as an  opportunist   when she was just doing what any career  oriented person would do   taking advantage of a wide  open opportunity created by the lack of self  discipline of her coworker  a girl who apparently doesn  t understand the concept of honoring her promises  to her boss  in this case  .  br    br   the daughter grudgingly  allows  her mother to stay with her  on a temporary basis  but then treats her mother  the woman who gave her life and raised her to  adulthood   like a pariah . apparently the  writers  of tripe like this do not understand that it is not  the common thing  for parents to act like children  and then be treated as children by their children . that is just more of the societal  baloney  that hollywood keeps trying to force down our throats as though we  their public  were stupid for desiring to be entertained by their creative offerings .  br    br   this is a sad movie with a stupid ending . if the young male restauranteur had been real and not a two  dimensional  tv character   he  d have stayed with the mother  who was not that much older than him and quite attractive . but in the end he  falls  for the daughter  a shallow  rather uninteresting girl who has that cuteness of youth  but in an ordinary  bland way .  the  opportunist  young woman who worked with this nothing girl was far more attractive  physically .   br    br   there was no believable reason presented to the audience as to why the restauranteur preferred the daughter  who was an uptight  selfish  self  centered btch who treated her mother with unbelievable disrespect  to the mother   a woman who was kindhearted  sweet  tempered  humorous  and had a joie de vivre the daughter could not even begin to comprehend . of course the mother had her own flaws . . . she had reacted to her husband  s demise by drinking herself into a stupor for a year or two afterwards which supposedly created the rift between her and her smarmy daughter .  br    br   regardless of the way the characters were or were not developed  this is a baloney movie and a waste of your valuable viewing time unless you actually like baloney .  where  s the mustard    
