when a movie of a book seems pointless and incomprehensible  the cause can invariably be found in the book either it was pointless to start with  or the point is one not easily conveyed to film  or the movie missed the point  which is the most frequent of these results  and the easiest to happen  especially when the point is one not easily defined . the book  morvern callar  has a point every reader of the book must have felt this  and felt as if he had gotten it but i suspect most of them could not state it in words . i  m not sure i can  myself  but perhaps it comes to this  or something like it things come  things go  such is life  but we carry on or at any rate some of us   people like morvern   do . no doubt a more erudite critic could construct a more adequate definition . but the important fact is that there is a point   possibly the sum of the entire story is the point   and that this would have been the main thing to keep in view  and to carry over  in adapting the story to film . the maker of this film evidently missed the point  and doesn  t substitute one of her own and so the film is about nothing .  br    br   this is not the usual complaint of a book  lover that his favorite text has been violated . the merit of the book is something i conceded grudgingly in reading it i found it a bloody nuisance  and an occasion for kicking the author in the pants and getting him in to finish the job properly . the narrative is supposed to be the work of the half  educated morvern  but that illusion is constantly dispelled by a dozen different types of literary effect  as if the author were poking at her with his pen there are inconsistencies of style and tone  as if different sections had been composed at different times and any conclusions i could reach about morvern had to remain tentative because it was uncertain which implications the author intended and which he did not for instance  despite morvern  s own self  characterization as a raver  am i wrong that in the end she remains essentially a working  class scots girl  and beneath her wrapping of music downloads not so different from those of generations past  in any case  despite my irritation at the author  i couldn  t deny that his book stuck with me and what i couldn  t get out of my head was his character  s attitude  her angle on the world  which was almost as vivid as a goya portrait . morvern is the kind of person who  s always encountering situations at once rather comic and rather horrible occasionally she invites them but more often they land on her  like flies  so that much of her life consists of a kind of gauche but graceful slogging  through  unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical   and that doesn  t begin to describe it idiosyncratically enough . the complex of incidents and of morvern  s responses to them are the substance of the book  and its achievement  in exposing a cross  section of existence it would be difficult to illuminate otherwise for all my dislike of the book  i can see this .  br    br   the morvern just described is not the morvern of the movie or if it is  most of her is kept offscreen . an actress who might have been a good fit for the character  had she been the right age at the right time  is angharad rees  from the old tv series  poldark  . samantha morton  then  would seem like good casting she  s rather the same sort of actress  and in one of her earlier movies   jesus  son   she played a girl who with a few adjustments could have been turned into this one . unfortunately  as the film turned out  she doesn  t have the character from the book to play . for one thing  the book is one that  if it is to be dramatized  virtually cries out for monologues by the main character to the audience without her comments  her perspective  her voice  the story loses most of its meaning . it has lost more of it in that the adaptor has expurgated it of its comic and horrible elements the most memorable incidents from the book are curtailed before they turn grotty  and so morvern  s responses  whether of amusement or distaste  depending on her mood  are missing too  and the incidents no longer have a reason for being in the story . in short  the filmmaker chose for some reason to turn a brisk  edgy serio  comic novel into a genteel art tv film  and chose as her typical image one of ms . morton languishing in a artistically shaded melancholy as if the outing morvern signs up for were a tour of the stations of the cross . this isn  t at all what the book  or the morvern of the book  was about . for another thing  the morvern of the movie isn  t scottish  the actress said in an interview she hadn  t had time to study up the accent   and she ought to be it  s important that she  her family  and her mates are all from a single place . and finally the film is missing the end of the story morvern  s spending all she has and coming home to icy darkness it  s winter  the dam has frozen  the power has gone out  and the pub is dark . minus this  and minus all of the rest  what  s left is a failed art film  a dead film  about a subject whose strength lay precisely in her refusal  or native inability  ever to give in to being dead .  
