after watching a dozen episodes  i decided to give up on this show since it depicts in an unrealistic manner what is mathematical modeling . in the episodes that charlie would predict the future behavior of individuals using mathematical models  i thought that my profession was being joked about . i am not a mathematician  instead a chemical engineer  but i do work a lot with mathematical models . so i will try to explain to the layman why what is shown is close to  make  believe  of fairy tales .  br    br   first  choosing the right model to predict a situation is a demanding task . charlie eppes is shown as a genius  but even him would have to spend considerable time researching for a suitable model  specifically for trying to guess what someone will do or where he will be in the near future . individuals are erratic and haphazard  there is no modeling for them . isaac asimov even wrote about that in the      s . even if there were a model for specific kind of individual  it would be a probabilistic  stoichastic  one  meaning it has good chance of making a wrong prediction .  br    br   second  supposing the right model for someone or a situation is found  the model parameters have to be known . these parameters are the constants of the equations  such as the gravity acceleration   .  m  s    and often are not easy to determine . again  charlie eppes would have to be someone beyond genius to know the right parameters for the model he chooses . and after the model and the parameters are chosen  they would have to be tested . oddly  they are not  and by miracle  they fit exactly the situation that is being predicted .  br    br   third  a very important aspect of modeling is almost always neglected  not only by numbers  but also by sci  fi movies the computational effort required for solving these models . try to make excel solve a complex model with many equations and variables and one will find doing a herculean job . even if charlie eppes has the right software to solve his models  he might be stuck with hardware that will be dreadfully slow . and even with the right software  hardware combination  the model solution might well take days to be reached . he solves them immediately  i could use his computer in my research work  i would be very glad .  br    br   as a drama  it is far from being the best show . the characters are somewhat stereotyped  but not even remotely funny as those in big bang theory are . the crimes are dull and the way charlie eppes solves them sometimes make the fbi look pretty incompetent .  br    br   for some layman  the show might work . for others  the way things are handled makes it difficult to swallow   
