i just rented and watched this movie just to see what  s all the fuss about . so here  s what my reactions to it are . it  s easily seen that this is a low budget film with poor actors . the main plot of this movie is about a woman getting revenge on her rapists . this concept if done right could easily turn out to be a really provocative film . however  the movie doesn  t shock or disturb me at all . it just bored me . this movie could be easily shortened to under   minutes . all lot of scenes are mainly there to fill in time  like those scenery scenes and some scenes i described below .  br    br   contains spoiler i find the rape scenes quite tame . i don  t know if i have watched the cut or uncut version  if there is actually such a version . i also found many plot holes within the already badly written plot . here  s a list on top of my mind .  br    br   why don  t the rapists rape jennifer during the night when she walked out her house to find out what those noise are . that would be an excellent time .  br    br   why don  t they just gang rape her  instead of delaying some of the rapists the pleasure and lengthening jennifer  s ordeal by such a long time . it would probably be more shocking and disturbing that way .  br    br   i found it really stupid that the rapists left her in the forest and head back to her house . maybe to show that these rapists are really imbeciles .  br    br   these rapists should at least know that if you want to do a dirty job right  they shouldn  t send a coward imbecile to do the job .  br    br   why didn  t jennifer call the police when the rapists finally left  which should be the first thing that pops up in most people  s mind  especially for someone who is a writer .  br    br   why didn  t these rapists smell danger miles away when they saw jennifer is alive   br    br   i find it really amazing that a slender lady like camille can pull a man up a tree and hang him . ends spoiler  br    br   but hey  this movie is not without its merits  camille keaton is gorgeous and i get to hear one of the funniest line i have recently heard when matthew protest of going back into the house and kills jennifer  why me  why me  i didn  t even cm      
