warning this review contains minor spoilers .  br    br   well the writers of the first tremors are officially out of ideas . i  m a big fan of the first movie and the first two sequels are pretty good for straight to video fare . tremors   the legends begins  however  is a very dull movie . where the heck are the graboids     br    br   due to the relative lack of graboids through the first   minutes i  m convinced that this entry into the series is suppose to be a  character study  . unfortunately there isn  t one interesting character in the movie except for billy drago  s character who is given too few lines  too little to do and in the end too little screen time . what saved the  nd and  rd movies was the presence of michael gross as burt gummer . whenever there wasn  t any action on the screen you could rest assured that burt gummer was going to be interesting to listen too and  or watch . however in this movie gross plays hiram gummer a very poor and boring substitute .  br    br   on the plus side when the graboids  dirt dragons in this movie  are on the screen they do look good but that is about as good as it gets .  br    br   i was impressed when i saw that tremors  was listed at    minutes long . pretty good for straight to video . but after watching it i  m sure that this movie is a good   minutes too long . there are long stretches of dialogue that is boring and doesn  t further the plot any . was there a rush to get this movie made  i think not  more time could have and should have been spent on the script .  br    br   i thought i had hit a gold mine when i saw tremors  packaged for sale with . . . . tremors    what luck i thought  pay for   get   for free . well after watching tremors  i like to think i paid for the original and got this mess for free  i can  t imagine paying a single dime for tremors  . for fans of the series it  s best to forget that tremors   the legend begins even exists .  br    br   tremors   the legend begins rates a  out of   .  
