there are many good things about the new bsg there  s the multiple cylon roles for model  and   for example  which the two actresses played superbly . there  s the old school feel of industrial design aboard galactica   my ship will not be networked  over my dead body    also  all the space battles  the special effects  even though the seasoned sci  fi watcher will acknowledge the cartoonishness of it all  the darkness of the characters  their essentially flawed nature .  br    br   that makes it all the more bitter that the ending was so childish .  br    br   yes  the first part  the scenes in space  the raid on the cylons and all that was very good . but the mushy ending  i always watch films and shows these days with the timer hidden  so i never know how much time is left until the end . so for me it was a special kind of torture  to see the end happen over and over again . every time i thought  oh this is the final scene  the final shot  i got one more . every frakking character got its complete ending  that wasn  t really necessary .  br    br   what really highlighted the schoolboy amateurishness of it all the young roslin scenes . why is important for us to know that a she lost her sisters and father in a horrible accident and b that she has a one night stand with a former pupil  student  what does that bring to the story  where was the linkage  now  i  m all for a more european  ish style approach  and a random acts of whateverness in films and shows  and all that  but this was just ridiculous . this didn  t bring anything meaningful to the story .  br    br   also  i  ve seen the  last frakkin special  and in it ron revealed his own cluelessness about the plot he couldn  t come up with a good ending for the story  so . . . . he just didn  t  it  s never as much about the characters as they made the last episode to be . the whole  this was thousands of years in the past  idea  the mitochondrial eve thing  was also used in the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy  and believe you me  there are a lot of bsg watchers who know that particular h  g  storyline . and speaking of hera  now there  s a storyline that was not worked out well  at all . instead we get roslin is doing her former pupil who  s   years younger . don  t get me wrong  i  m all for older women with younger men . the more power to them . but this . . . just made no sense .  br    br   all in all   the writing in  this series is as flawed as they intended its characters would be . that goes even moreso for the last episode . i hope lost and   do better  with their series finales .  
