quite honestly  the omega code is the worst movie i have seen in a very long time . during the first   minutes i sat stunned in my seat  trying to decide if i should demand a refund . but since i hadn  t paid to see it in the first place  passes   i figured i might as well stay . and i didn  t think it could possibly get any worse .  br    br   it did . i will quickly run through the low points  includes some spoilers   the horrible miscasting of casper van dien as gillen lane  a motivational speaker with two phds . the characterization was inconsistent for example  lane  despite his credentials  is a complete nitwit . then there  s the lame  o depiction of the fulfillment of the biblical prophecies we see a bunch of sensational news soundbites accompanied by ridiculous computer print outs of the translated biblical code . also  terrible  action  sequences lane escapes from tough situations without explanation  and the one time lane actually does seem to be in danger  it turns out to be a dream sequence  that  s cute for grammar school writing assignments  but it  s an inexcusable plot device in a motion picture . the pacing was bad after a long opener  the first third of the movie changes scenes every   seconds . later  the pacing improves  but there is still far too much unnecessary jumping around . and as someone else mentioned  years pass yet no one  not even lane  s young daughter  ages . that was disconcerting .  br    br   there are a few good things  though . the quality of the film  e . g . lack of graininess  is high and very attractive . the outdoor shots were well done and the location shooting added a touch of realism . also  there are a few moments in the last part of the film when lane calls on god  finally  to help him  this proved to be quite exhilarating  even to me  someone who does not accept jesus as a personal savior . but i liked this because it struck me as being the only genuine scene in the movie . unfortunately  it was followed by major incomprehensibility .  br    br   the characters  dialogue  direction and acting were all poorly done . michael ironside had nothing to do  and michael york was just weird . i think the producers wanted to do too much if the plot had been tighter and more focused  and the characterization more fleshed out  the film would have been far better .  br    br   in a nutshell  the omega code disappoints . definitely do not pay to see this . i give it  out of ten stars .  br    br    
