forest of the damned starts out as five young friends  brother  sister emilio  richard cambridge   ally  sophie holland  along with judd  daniel maclagan   molly  nicole petty   andrew  david hood   set off on a week long holiday  in the middle of nowhere   their words not mine . anyway  before they know it they  re deep in a forest  emilio clumsily runs over a woman  frances da costa   along with a badly injured person to add to their problems the van they  re travelling in won  t start  they can  t get any signals on their mobile phones . they need to find help quickly so molly  judd wander off in the hope of finding a house  as time goes by  darkness begins to fall it becomes clear that they are not alone  that there is something nasty lurking in the woods . . .  br    br   this english production was written  directed by johannes roberts  having looked over several other comments  reviews both here on the imdb  across the internet forest of the damned seems to divide opinion with some liking it  other  s not  personally it didn  t do much for at all . the script is credited on screen to roberts but here on the imdb it lists joseph london with  additional screenplay material  whatever that means  the film is your basic backwoods slasher type thing like the texas chainsaw massacre       with your basic stranded faceless teenage victims being bumped off but uses the interesting concept of fallen angels who roam the forest  kill people for reason that are never explained to any great deal of satisfaction . then there  s stephen  played by the ever fantastic tom savini  who is never given any sort of justification for what he does . is he there to get victims for the angels  if so why did he kill andrew by bashing his head in  the story is very loose  it never felt like a proper film . the character  s are poor  the dialogue not much better  the lack of any significant story makes it hard to get into it or care about anything that  s going on . having said that it moves along at a reasonable pace  there are a couple of decent scenes here .  br    br   director johannes doesn  t do anything special  it  s not a particularly stylish or flash film to look at . there  s a few decent horror scenes  the tom savini character is great whenever he  s on screen  although why didn  t he hear judd breaking the door down with an axe while escaping with molly    it  s a shame when he gets killed off . there are a couple of decent gore scenes here  someone has their head bashed in  there  s a decapitation  someone gets shotgun blasted  someone throat is bitten out  someones lips are bitten off  someone is ripped in half . there is also a fair amount of full frontal female nudity  not that it helps much .  br    br   technically forest of the damned is ok  it  s reasonably well made but nothing overly special or eye  catching . this was shot in england  wales  it  s quite odd to see an english setting for a very american themed backwards horror . the acting is generally pretty poor save for savini who deserves to be in better than this . horror author shaun hutson has an embarrassing cameo at the end  proves he should stick to writing rather than acting .  br    br   forest of the damned was a pretty poor horror film  it seems to have fans out there so maybe i  m missing something but it  s not a film i have much fondness for . apart from one or two decent moments there  s not much here to recommend .  
