from the start this film was awful  why was it that bad   if it isn  t the naked women  not only in need of a decent plastic surgeon but also the expertise of a dentist followed by a free hand out of colgate whitening   then it  s the  crazy  old guy at the gas station  who isn  t so much crazy  but more  i  m not sure how to act a great deal so i will stare straight ahead and look as stupid as i can while pretending to shout in robotic tones about something in the woods    then back to these naked nymphs in need of a cure for gingivitis . . . . apparently  without touching you . . . and this is according to the opening scene . . . . they can cause a nasty looking red rash on your neck  which i assumed to be a chunk of flesh missing but just looks as though it could do with some tcp to clear it right up . then you have sophie holland who plays ally  i have never seen such baaaaaad acting  she is more of a  me me me  if i  m not having fun no  one else is  and i don  t wanna do this so i won  t  and i  m the meanest cow on the planet  i  m sarcastic  petty and if i don  t get things my way i will sulk    kind of person . . . . reminds me more of a  yr old girl  s attitude . i don  t think it  s even worth mentioning the dire camera angles that remind me of blair witch  or how low  budget the film actually was that when judd was hacking at the  locked  door it was in fact open before he reached to unlock it from the other side   this film is completely laughable  if it were a spoof then it would have been successful . . . only just though  but  as a horror film is was just plain wrong    i can  t even being to describe everything that went t  ts up in this movie i would run out of room  although it was funny to watch andrew drip raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth while tom savini  s character was completely blind to the two hiding under the table directly in his line of vision   it was even funnier when these two thought they could escape on a god damn tractor  which as we all know is thee number one hated vehicle to get stuck behind since its so god damn slow  so is it any wonder they don  t get away with it   and how many people do you know that can slice open their wrist and then run around for hours as if nothing ever happened  no pain  no weakening from blood loss  nothing   but the silliest part is when all of a sudden  and i mean that literally  it  s one year later and molly is still wandering the woods after having escaped the nymphs  and then lo and behold  shaun hutson picks her up . . . of course not without a line to promote his books    altho admittedly he is one of my fav authors  but suddenly  and with absolutely no hint of an xplanation as to how and why . . . she  s evil herself and lures hutson to his death  then we cut to the crazy dude from the beginning suddenly wandering round the woods with a petrol can  even after his  dazzling  performance on why no  one should ever venture there for whatever reason . . . cue the nymphs stupidly slappin each other around a bit for fun while crazy pours petrol everywhere . . . . and here endeth the film . . . . finally  my conclusion . . . . if you hadn  t already guessed by now . . . . absolute rubbish  there was no proper thought went into it at all  whoever was aiming the camera needed firing . . . and come to think of it so did    of the cast  if the right director  actors  and budget got behind this it could have been decent . but  once again  low  budget english horror films but the rest of the genre  the country  and the english film  making industry to shame    and i  m english so i  m allowed to say that   in fact the only decent and exciting part of the movie is in the first      mins when we watch it turn from night to day over a field type area . all i kept thinking throughout this was  jesus christ in heaven why oh why did you allow someone to make this  its absolute cow  s testicles    but i can  t turn a film off after i  ve started watching it unfortunately . i had to watch from dusk til dawn afterwards just to remind myself that tom savini does have it in him to act well  if there was an option for     then believe me i woulda chose that  cuz this film isn  t even worth the one point i did give it   br    br   but this is just my opinion  watch it and decide for yourself .  
