this review may have spoilers  but that determination would be negligible in such a classic and well  known story  br    br   the cinderella story ranks as my favorite fairy tale . the world will never have enough of this wonderful tale .  br    br   the problem is that everyone wants to tell their own version of the tale . this cannot work if the story deviates or attempts to throw some interesting ideas together with some magical photography and scrumptious looking production designs with poor direction and editing .  br    br   this cinderella story is more like an ugly duckling that never hatches or rather  is never transformed into a swan .  br    br   all the production value that money can buy  cannot purchase good cinematic timing and dramatic development  or good acting .  br    br   the entrance of cinderella at the ball as so poorly done  there was no drama of anticipation nor excitement of discovery .  br    br   the writing made me very nervous  too . the prince charming was the most undesirable of memory . why would any girl want to marry a boorish  self  absorbed prince who disliked women   br    br   turner  s turn on the stepmother role was an embarrassingly painful showing that demonstrated one  liners more than acting nuance .  br    br   even the cinderella part held little interest or sympathy .  br    br   perhaps only one sentence will describe this attempt so cheaply     s   br    br   what must be mentioned and mentioned in shameful excess is the glorious photography  matte work and production design . it was a pleasure to peruse the landscapes  sets and settings as the story unfolded .  br    br   for some cinderella storytelling  go for two gems  br    br     rodgers and hammerstein  s cinderella musical with lesley ann warren . even with the obvious stagey tv     s look to the sets  this is the best version on celluloid  bar none . an all star cast makes every effort to provide the highest entertainment . engaging  diverting and memorable writing and music . this is the classic .  br    br     ever after  this drew barrymore gem maintains the historical perspective  alters the story line but not enough to derail the effective development of the salient points of this classic tale . the characters of the principals and of all of the supporting roles were written smartly and acted well .  
