people tried to make me believe that the premise of this rubbishy supernatural horror  thriller was inspired by the actual last words spoken by an authentic serial killer  whose name escapes me at the moment  . whilst awaiting his execution in the electric chair  he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue to go on a never  ending murder spree . it  s not a highly original idea to revolve a horror film on  by the way . other low  budget turkeys implemented the exact same basic premise  like  house     shocker  and  ghost in the machine  . anyway   the first power   a . k . a  pentagram   isn  t a completely terrible effort  but the script overly reverts to clichs and lacks genuine thrills . the film starts off as an okay  albeit mundane serial killer flick in which obsessive cop  hero lou diamond philips pursues a maniac who carves bloody pentagrams into the chests of his victims . he receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium  played by the gorgeous and underrated tracy griffith . she leads him to the killer but also begs not to execute him  as that would result in an even bigger catastrophe  thanks to tess  helpful hints  detective logan quickly captures the killer and celebrates his death penalty  but patrick channing made a pact with satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of california to do some more killing .  the first power  gets pretty bad once the murderer reincarnates as a vengeful spirit . instead of using his newly gained satanic powers to wipe out the entire world  that  s what i would do in his position   channing simply prefers to play cat and mouse games with his nemesis the copper . he annoyingly calls him  buddy  boy  all the time and possesses the bodies of logan  s friends and colleagues in order to trick him . even though never really boring or poorly realized  it  s a very weak film to endure  mostly because you constantly get the feeling of dj  vu . writer  director robert resnikoff shamelessly uses every dreadful clich  the killer got sexually abused as a child  and even the players  lines can easily be predicted . as soon as griffith explains she  s able to predict the future  you just know that  somewhere at some point in the film  she  s going to say the ridiculously overused line  i tell people who to live their lives  but my own life is a mess  . yawn . lou diamond philips  performance is adequate enough  but it  s rather difficult to take that youthful rebel of  la bamba  and  stand and deliver  serious as a tough copper . there also are decent supportive roles for mykelti williamson   forrest gump    carmen argenziano   when a stranger calls   and b  movie horror legend david gale   re  animator   appears in a minuscule cameo at the very beginning of the film .  
