after seeing the low  budget shittier versions of the  universal soldier  franchise  i hoped and prayed that van damme reprised his role as luc devoreaux in a second unisol movie . well  it seemed this prayer was answered  but not the way i hoped . universial soldier  is just intense as poetry reading at your local library . no  even that would be more intriguing . the fight sequences are top  notch  bruce lee quality  which is the only redeeming factor in this entire pathetic excuse for a motion picture . that and having former wcw tough  guy legend  goldberg  playing the villain . however  placing goldberg as seth  s sidekick lieutenant would  ve been better .  br    br   we offended me the most was the setting of the movie itself . it  s like some film school students slapped it together . the plot holes are that bigger than kanye west  s ego is what really did this movie in . for example luc  s daughter  hillary looks like she  s at least      years old and the first movie was filmed only seven years ago . how is that possible  tell me that  the part in which luc  s partner was killed off and turned into a unisol is just re  goddamn diculous  you mean to tell me that there was an experimental unisol exposed naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the movie . c  mon . the director could  ve spent more time with this movie like the first one and sewn all the plot holes shut . but oooh nooo   br    br   speaking of the plot  it sucks  compared to the first movie  universal soldier   s plot watered down and worthless . where  s the gritty thrills in which a unisol goes berserk an re  enacts his last memories in a supermarket rampage thinking its desert storm or something  this was the dawn of the millennium  you would attracted more of an audience if this had taken place in a dystopia  orwellian type of future cesspit . corny is the correct adjective to describe this sad  sad  sad sequel .  br    br   from what i seen double impact  under siege   robocop   and hell  even the cheap  ass  no class terminator knock  off  class of      is more entertaining than this   
