this is quite possibly the most retarded    s slasher ever realized  but how can you be harsh on a film that features non  stop images of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exhilarating bodies doing aerobic exercises  taking showers and wandering about in tight gym outfits  prior to being a horror film   aerobicide  is a   minutes promo video to encourage the use of steroids  silicons and other body  stimulating fitness products . if you  d leave out all the footage of hunky boys lifting weights and yummy girls wiggling their butts and racks to insufferable    s tunes  there probably only have about   minutes of story left . plenty of time to improvise a plot about a sadist killer slaughtering young health  freaks with a big safety pin  yeah  . the film opens with an unintentionally hilarious scene of a girl getting fried between an electric sun  bathing device . several years later people turn up dead in the same spa . you don  t really need to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to figure out there  s a link between the murders and the burning incident  now do you  investigating the case are a seemingly braindead police officer  and charles napier look  alike   and a beefcake private detective who gets lucky with the bustiest    s beauty i  ve ever seen  looking through the credits  her name  s dianne copeland apparently  and she didn  t do anything else apart from this turkey and an imbecile troma  movie called  surf nazis must die  . what a wasted opportunity  she may not have been a great actress  but she sure had two other big advantages that would help her move upwards in show business . the amount of gore and the quality of the make  up effects are nothing special  neither . we  re treated to a couple of bizarre stabbings with a pin and some barbecued human flesh . the plot twists near the end are ridiculous and predictable  but by that time nobody is taking the film seriously anymore  anyway .  aerobicide   a . k . a .  killer workout   is recommended in case you want to switch of all your brain functions off for one night  but nevertheless feel like watching a film  it actually would make a terrific double  feature with  death spa  . both films have a lot of sexy and scarcely dressed babes  and both films are pretty dumb .  
