perhaps being a former moscovite myself and having an elastic sense of humor prevents me from tossing this movie into the  arthouse  festival crap  trashcan . it  s not the greatest film of      nor is it complete garbage . it just has a lot of problems . i also sincerely doubt this movie was banned due to any  ideological fears   or  conservative taboos  or any other reason this movie might conversely be called  courageous  and  uncompromising  abroad . it was banned because the censors knew    of the russian film  goers would find it offensive because of the bad taste exercised during the shooting and editing of this otherwise dull film .  br    br   so we have a strong opening shot . wonderful sound design  excellent premise  laden with meaning and symbolism . the usage and placement of symbols will consistently be of the film  s strongest aspects  not that the number  is a daunting visual challenge  . over the next   minutes we have an equally strong setup . an amusing and well  written bar conversation among the   main   characters  and we feel pathos for these people  the great country of russia  the human condition and all that . then the movie starts slowing down . we begin to wonder what  yawn  lies ahead .  br    br   the rest is quite boring  simply put . sure  the guy in the village tugs the heartstrings  and there are some slightly amusing moments . nice sound  sure . but the enjoyment of this movie  not to mention the plot  are seriously compromised by the pacing problems . and this  this lack of a payoff for sitting through all the  nicely  shot  abject misery and bleakness  is what ultimately will make people angry at the  offensive  stuff  personally  the main offensive scene bordered on being endearing  in that pathetic way harmless drunks can appear  .  br    br   if you want to watch an enjoyable movie where russians get wasted for prolonged periods of time  the entire film   watch particulars of the national hunt . much more rewarding post  soviet stuff . so yeah  a  out of   for   nice and symbolic of my post  mediocre  film condition .  
