when i tell people that i review movies as a hobby  the first thing they say is  what do you think of such  and  such movie   there are a couple of problems here . firstly  there is the probable chance that i  ve not seen it and thus  i ruin my reputation . secondly  i could trash the movie in question without realising that it  s actually their favourite . lastly  i could be given dvds to watch so they can judge my opinion . thus  i find myself sat before  the convent  which is the sort of film i would ignore completely given the choice but unable to avoid here . more  s the pity because this frankly dreadful  horror  is about as scary as a box of kittens .  br    br   following well  worn clichs   the convent  focuses on a bunch of american high school students on a trip to an abandoned convent on a mission to get stoned  laid and mildly spooked . but you  ll never guess what happens next  a group of cannibalistic demonic nuns emerge from the cobwebs who proceed to pick the kids off one by one in classic horror movie tradition . will any of them survive and more importantly  haven  t you got better things to worry about   br    br   the only thing that saves  the convent  from being a total waste of time is the fact that nobody is really taking this tosh seriously with the exception of coolio  s bizarre cameo as a hyperactive cop with an itchy trigger finger . it  s far too amusing to be properly frightening  the zombie cheerleader who makes chipmunk noises for no reason  the day  glo paint jobs that appears when you become a zombie  but what really kills it as a horror is the fact that you can instantly tell when someone is going to jump out and get messily murdered . but even if they were trying  i still doubt that it would work  demonic nuns wearing the sort of make  up you  d see in the  buffy the vampire slayer  tv show aren  t really that scary . the scariest thing about this movie really is that over    of voters gave this a maximum score . i mean  i know it  s funny but i hardly split my sides . to be honest  i  ve had more fun in a dentist .  br    br    the convent  isn  t really a horror movie as such . it  s more of a comedy horror like  scary movie  or  shaun of the dead  but you  re laughing at it instead of with it . i honestly can  t recommend this to anybody except the family of the cast and crew but even then  i doubt very much they  d enjoy it . i don  t enjoy the  so bad that it  s good  genre  i personally feel that if the film  makers can  t be bothered to salvage a turkey then i shouldn  t bust a gut trying to watch it . yes  it  s a bad film and yes  they really should have gone home and done something more constructive . a rubik  s cube  for example . the dvd box has two price stickers  one for   .   and a reduced price of   . but it was sold for   and that should tell you everything you need to know about this poxy  cheap  awesomely bad flick . sorry if you do like it but  the convent  really is a pile of unholy crap .  
